An army man kneeling down next to metal structure.
A man and woman wearing wedding clothes are kissing.
Riot police are standing in the background while a young man with a red scarf covering his face is walking.
A black and white dog running through an obstacle course
A woman sitting on her couch, by the front windows, reading a book.
Kids watch silently from behind a concert barrier.
A man is climbing a cliff with his feet on a brown metal plate
A teenage boy is stretching in the kitchen and you can see part of his stomach.
Two men, wearing black shirts, are playing the drums in a very urban area.
Three workers bent over pulling grass.
A man and a woman read a book while their friend has a drink.
Three children's legs are shown as they stand near a mess of silly string.
A restaurant cook getting ready to prepare a chicken to cook
A march to protest the construction of a coal power plant.
The teen jumps the hill with his bicycle.
A little dark-haired girl runs on the beach.
White bird sitting in water spreading its wings
A semi trailer is inside a building, and people are gathered behind its open rear door where there are displays being set up.
A woman with a tissue cleans the face of an infant.
A goalie stands in front of the goal at a hockey game.
A man carrying a bag gesticulates at the photographer while walking in front of a large advertisement.
Three boys all wearing green shirts are climbing on a slide.
A man is dressed in a costume in front of several goats.
The wet brown dog is running in the water.
People marching on the grass in yellow shirts carrying drums
A group of children playing in a yard, a man in the background.
Five musicians, of varying ages, play together in a living room.
A young girl in a purple dress throws a tantrum.
A unclothed man with gray hair is shaving his face.
Three black dogs and a white dog are standing in the snow.
Basketball players try to block a ball from going into the goal.
An old black man sitting in front of a white and blue shack.
A man in a banana custom is carrying four children on his back.
A dog jumping over a puddle on the beach
A large group of people standing near a big fountain as it rains.
Several men standing near a black concrete wall.
The dog walking through the snow is licking his nose.
Three men playing professional soccer while many people in the stands watching
A woman in a black shirt is sitting at a table getting ready to knit.
Ballet dancers on toe wear golden long dresses and hold golden flags.
Man wearing black playing a very large guitar-like instrument.
A female soccer player dressed in black.
A kid crosscountry skis wearing the number "93".
Two people are constructing a child's puzzle game.
A man is taking a video of another man while a few others look on.
The person is bicycling on the street at nighttime.
A man rides a kicking bull in a bullpen.
A child jumping on a tennis court.
Two children climb a rock wall as two people watch carefully.
People are walking across a school campus.
Little girl kicks black object at karate class.
Two men climb onto tires while sitting in the muddy water.
Two men dancing on a checkerboard in front of a crowd
A woman with long curly hair is standing at a podium and speaking.
A laughing woman is sitting on a patterned couch.
A dirt floor gets swept by one white and one black woman.
A deer jumping over a fence.
Three dogs play with each other out in the field.
Two kids run through gray sand.
A little boy chases ducks through the leaves.
A group of people stands by their dogs in a field.
A tour group is standing on the grass with ruins in the background.
An asian girl looking surprised in front of a brick window
People filling a large black container with water.
Young man in warm coat outside storefront.
A flock of birds fly away with food in their beaks.
Two men ride through farm land as they guide their mule powered trailer.
Two people stand at the peak of a mountain.
Young girl enjoying herself as she makes a snow angel.
3 guys ham it up in front of the camera.
A boy with a pencil behind his ear writes on a chalkboard.
A man in a black shirt sitting at a table with an open Apple laptop in front of him.
A man and three women with backpacks, sitting on a mountain.
A skateboarder does a kickflip along the train tracks.
A man in a orange shirt and white shorts playing tennis.
Two dogs are on a white carpet with one of the dogs showing its fangs.
A little boy in a striped shirt and jeans is running.
A guy bending over checking under some stage lights.
Men in cowboy hats stand around at a rodeo.
Two dogs, one holding something in its mouth, in the snow.
A woman in a red and white striped turtleneck sipping from a cup.
A beige dog runs behind a white dog holding a yellow toy.
Two people in hockey uniforms on the ice.
A man in a white shirt has his mouth open and is adjusting dials.
A black horse sticking its head through a fence trying to reach the grass.
An homeless man is rubbing his hands together trying to keep warm.
A woman in brown and a man in gray look at the camera.
A water play table in which a game can be played.
A black-and-white dog goes for a flattened ball on the snow.
Little girl in kitchen, kissing a fluffy orange cat.
The boy and girl are playing on the outdoor gym.
A tennis player holds one hand to his mouth and the other holds a racket.
A boy in a red swimsuit jumps into the water to join two people.
A boy in a red coat holds a huge ball of snow.
Two officers with orange jackets stand outside a white tent with onlookers.
Two men are wearing their jackets outside.
Two man sit and chat on a stone lanai surrounded by plants.
A young girl has lifted her friend and is carrying her in her arms.
A black dog looks up at a white ball that's in midair.
A couple kissing in front of a black Mercedes Benz limousine
A woman playing volleyball at the beach.
Two small dogs growling at each other in a dirtbed
A dog jumps over a hurdle at a competition.
A man wearing a white and blue striped shirt stands outside.
A young blond girl holds a smaller blond boy in her lap outdoors.
A cowboy is bucked off a steer while other men watch from the stands.
Little kids are playing a game of tug-of-war.
A person riding a bike sideways through a dirt path.
Two East Asian women sitting outdoors behind a cow-like animal
The man helps the boy ride a bike.
A kid is holding a broom and sweeping his property.
A black mother and five children in a rural area
A Japanese man plays a flute from sheet music beside a tree lines river.
Two women sitting at a table with their hands together.
A panting brown dog walking on the grass.
A woman in a baseball uniform tags another with her mitt.
A white woman holding a donation check for "Kids Food Basket."
Two dogs walking through grass with the white one carrying a yellow ball in mouth.
There is a man, woman and two boys sitting on a bench.
A woman is blowing the seeds from a dandelion.
Five people gather around a pile of potatoes and collect some to put into bags.
People gathered on a sidewalk listening to a man play an instrument.
Man holds his face in his palm sitting on a bench.
Older man riding public transportation while reading a newspaper.
An older man in glasses is preparing meat.
A man demonstrates how to ride a bicycle with only the back wheel on the ground.
An older man wearing a hat is building a sand-castle on a public beach.
Multiple people in a park eating at a picnic table
Two women ascend a telephone pole with special boots and straps on their waists.
A cowboy in a rodeo trying to beat the 8 second clock.
A dog is jumping through a fiery obstacle.
A plump woman with a pink shirt and black hair is applying red lipstick to her lips.
A man fixing a little girl's bicycle.
Two girls in puffy skirts are dancing in front of some musicians in the street.
A dog in water holds a stick in its mouth.
A girl in a sweater is blocking the suns rays.
A band is playing to a cheering crowd.
Girls in bright costumes holding little signs that say Iove you.
A brown dog is digging in the dirt.
Little boy playing tennis with a black and yellow racket.
Two dogs run down a dirt path in the forest.
A little girl is getting splashed by water.
A man is presenting a certificate to three young sumo wrestlers.
Some nature hikers stop to examine a log along the path.
Three rugby players in black strips are pulling the player in red to the ground.
Two boys crossing a street with a red ball.
One man in a hat flips over another man back in the grass.
White dog standing on rock in front of blue sky
A young man wearing a blue shirt skateboarding on a graffitied wall
A man is playing the piano while standing.
3 Olympic winners posing for a photo on an advertised background
Two formally dressed, bald older women
A young boy is hanging onto a clothing rack.
A little girl wearing pink is holding on to a bar.
A green motorcycle is being jumped over a line of ten green motorcycles.
A woman and three kids play at a park.
Four people are playing soccer on a beach.
The girl is hugging another girl with a helmet.
Two dogs running and jumping through a snowy area.
A lady holding one dog while another dog is playing in the yard.
A table full of pictures in frames, at an outdoor market.
A man and a woman are sitting at a small metal table.
Shirtless men with leather vests are smiling.
A child is laying on a beige rug laughing.
A couple is sitting down smiling, with the woman linking arms with the man.
Two girls playing in mud in a small pool.
Man in shorts and t-shirt walking and holding a drink in front of an archway.
Two people silhouetted against a lake at sunset.
The bride and groom are getting served a drink at their wedding reception.
Two woman, one in red and the other in blue, race each other on rollerblades.
Two adults and two children pose on a pile of rocks.
Four motorcycle racers are on a dirt track.
A mountain biker rides through a shady trail.
A man in a green shirt is walking on the beach carrying his sneakers.
Three men standing around a car on a racetrack.
Two mechanics are fixing a racing white car.
A woman and three children are jumping into a swimming pool.
A man on the edge of a wall about to fall off.
A woman on a bicycle stops for a moment to converse.
A girl dressed in black is posing for the camera.
A man is working on his wooden boat.
Four black men are sitting on the steps of a church.
A damaged building has a an excavator in front of it.
A female gymnast holds herself vertically above uneven bars.
An old woman is selling produce at a farmer's market.
Two men working in a small factory.
A middle-aged woman wearing a white shirt talking as she shows a small child in yellow how the toys work.
A young child sleeping in her bed with an open book on her chest.
A woman is getting ready to eat on the side of a road.
A man walks down an alley between cream colored houses.
A woman wearing a black hat grinds flour using two stones.
A black woman with a child on her back is standing in a field holding onto a pole.
A man in a martial arts outfit with a blue belt is practicing martial arts.
A man in formal attire plays a piano on the sidewalk of a city street.
An elderly man with a camouflage hat and plaid jacket sitting in a chair.
A woman in a white shirt works behind the counter at a cafe.
A man dressed in a reflective vest is pulling cabling out of a truck.
Two children feeding horses through a fence.
A man is seen through the window that has intricate detail.
There is a lady in a pink coat standing on street with a comical surprised look on her face.
A cowboy in a rodeo puts a bandage on his forearm, getting ready for his ride.
Two older men are standing outside talking.
An Asian woman and her two children sit at a table doing crafts.
A woman is jumping as she attempts to hit a tennis ball.
A man stands with his arms out inside a large green piece of equipment.
Two friends happily cheer each other at a restaurant.
A baker lines up his pretzel racks as he prepares to board them on the back of the truck.
A man in a black jacket plays the guitar out in public.
A group of men in white shirts perform in a parade.
A person is standing on jagged rocks above the water below.
Police officer watching woman exit from bus.
Security officers are standing near a sporting event tent.
A man and woman watching a sports event in a stadium.
A group of men in blue uniforms are standing together.
A young lady doing yoga on the beach.
A group of people standing on a sidewalk under some trees.
A man in a striped shirt makes a blue balloon animal.
A man grilling meat on an outdoor grilling pit.
There are two men standing beside a market of fruits and vegetables.
A woman is standing in a bikini serving a man a drink.
A boy with sunglasses running in some brush in front of an event.
A man with a mustache prepares to hammer a nail into a piece of tree.
A young man is using gloves to control a device with wires in it.
Two elderly men converse in an run-down building.
A girl dressed up in a red dress and a hat with long brown hair.
The number 3 soccer player in a red jersey holding a yellow ball at the side line.
A climber is making his way up a snowy mountainside.
Marathon runners are cheered on by thousands.
Three people are sitting at a counter using laptop computers.
A DJ wearing headphones and mixing some music.
A man is carrying a load of fruit through his crops.
A photo is taken of a mirror reflection of a cafe.
A muslim woman holding balloons at an islamic event
A woman watching over her two bunnies and curious cat.
A woman sitting against a brick wall inside a building.
A plat is sitting on the floor next to a blond girl.
A woman wearing blue and red walks through a rustic urban area.
Six children are sitting around taking notes together.
A dog happily plays in tidal overflow on a cloudy day.
Three small puppies bite and play together in the grass.
A boy in a helmet and red tracksuit poses on a motorbike.
6 people are gathered around to eat a big dinner.
Santa Claus being photographed at a holiday media event.
A group of protesters supporting military families.
Person in checkered shirt and red pants riding a motorbike down a road.
Four men doing a martial arts stance in front of onlookers.
A young lady and man dressed in warriors costume wielding sticks with a group of people in the background.
The partially obscured car is visible to the man in uniform.
Girl rock climbing on the rock wall.
Older man in a teal fleece jacket working on a car.
Several people are sitting at a table looking at colored index cards.
A man plays a guitar while singing into a microphone.
Two men sit at a diner, one reading a newspaper, the other smoking a cigarette.
Two women in shorts run down a beach along the water.
Several workmen in safety vests are having a conversation.
A man in a white hat and a woman in a light blue jacket have stopped on a busy street to look at something.
Three young kids enjoying them self at the community park
A little girl wearing a navy skirt is climbing on some silver poles.
A group of asian sitting and eating in the middle of a market.
A man dressed in yellow is speaking on the microphone.
A brown dog running to catch a Frisbee in a field of grass.
A young Asian man is jumping in the air, striking a martial arts pose.
Two young females talk and text as they stare into the distance.
A child lays in the snow next to his sled, raising his hand in the air.
A girl in a gray shirt and brown hair relaxes on the lawn as dogs bound around her.
A band performing and entertaining on stage at a Valentine's Day event.
Woman standing barefoot near a small hut and filling a jug with liquid.
A man and woman dancing the tango in ballroom attire.
Three dogs playing in a field, one with a ball in its mouth.
An old man with a long beard and jean jacket sits on a park bench.
A large group of Africans are having their picture taken in a clearing in a jungle.
A little girl reaches over to brush a goat.
Asian people sitting at a restaurant with yellow chairs.
A little girl with blond-hair is eating a cookie in a highchair.
A gray-haired man wearing black gloves is moving the lawn.
A student reads a book while others enjoy art photography in a gallery.
Young Asian girl on mothers shoulders claps her hands.
A man sits on a fence while a group of people walks on the sidewalk in front of him.
A cat is looking down from on top of a sign.
A man in a pink shirt and black jacket with headphones on.
A guy playing with the ball on the field.
A couple is walking around an architectural building.
A woman with pink hair square next to her pink dogs to take a picture.
A male in a suit holding a beverage in a cup walking down the sidewalk, next to a city bus.
Man in khaki pants does elaborate kick in desert
A woman in the red jacket is holding two multicolored ribbons.
A woman is sitting on a bench next to a person in a wheelchair.
A man in white apron and blue shirt is cooking eggs outside for a woman in a tan coat.
A woman wearing jeans and a blue shirt is standing next to a street post and is holding a white bag.
People walking down the street in a city.
Several street vehicles pass by a traditional architecture style of Thailand.
The large round sculpture is surrounded by a brick plaza.
Young man carrying boxes of beer down the street.
A middle-aged man is sitting down and playing the accordion.
Girl with green arm band, hair ties, and earrings stands outside.
A young girl in a pink shirt is on a beach running toward the ocean.
A young man rides a skateboard down a town road with a yellow railing behind him.
A man in a jacket is taking a photograph of a large building.
A group of people stand, talking at a soccer game.
A family hurries across the street in a big city.
Three people walk past a tourist attraction behind a wrought iron fence.
Man walking, smoking a cigarette on urban street wiping his nose while passing by a newsstand.
Three people are pictured walking down and alleyway.
A baseball player swinging at a ball while fans and the other team watch.
Woman in a gold jacket walking on a New York subway platform.
People sitting on benches in between trees.
A man in a business suit sitting at a bus stop waiting for a bus.
A homeless man holding a sign surrounded by buckets and crates.
A woman in an apron drinking a coffee drink and eating a cookie.
A man in a suit and hat is playing the guitar on the street.
A woman in a brown vest is working on the computer.
Some people standing around a smoke pit thing.
A short-haired man adjusting his tie with the help of the mirror in his hotel room.
There are musicians performing fro a small group of people.
Two men are sitting in a horse drawn cart with potatoes in the back.
A blond woman walking down the sidewalk in a cheetah dress.
A man touches his back pocket as a blond woman behind the counter of a convenience store looks at him.
A man in a white shirt is driving a tractor and dumping a load of sand.
A baby girl looking at a black and white cat while holding a toy.
A girl is walking among trees and carrying a guitar.
A man is wearing a black backpack and carrying a brown bag.
Two men are having a conversation in front of a souvenir shop in Rome.
A blond woman in a black shirt standing in a kitchen.
Some young adults are sitting outside on a patio talking.
A man on a bike that is doing a trick.
A woman with long blond-hair walks in front of a parked white car.
Three girls in jackets walking on the sidewalk talking to each other.
Girl graduating from college with flower necklace on.
A male is riding a skateboard on a road while another male sits and watches from the curb.
A man in leather jacket is standing next to a 9-11 conspiracy theory sign.
A male and female singing a song together outside.
A curly-haired child is blowing away dandelion seeds while laying in a field of lush green grass.
A female soccer team wearing green, black and white uniforms is stretching before a game.
A woman leans against a man surrounded by yellow caution tape.
A bald man in a monastery with pigeons and brightly colored hangings.
Ball players with white on in a field playing a game.
Three people stand underneath and umbrella in front of a crowd of people.
Young man with a cigarette placing food on a paper plate.
A group of people standing in a lake.
People sitting on concrete benches and walking, with a headless mannequin next to a lamp.
Four workmen removing debris, from a hole in the ground.
A shirtless young man in black shorts stands on the rocks staring at the water.
A man in uniform is standing in front of a large building.
A group of people stand around a pool table holding pool stick one is wearing a black and white striped dress.
Group of people near a water fountain and a city skyline.
Man and woman having a serious conversation outside.
Middle-aged man in white shorts and flip-flops looking up the road
Two men standing in front of the bean in Chicago.
This man and women lost something and is looking for it.
A man and woman wait to cross a busy street in the city.
Three firefighter come out of subway station.
Four men sit cross legged on top of a blue, yellow, and white rug, smiling at the camera.
A crowd of people gathered in a public place outdoors sitting at picnic tables.
A street corner with stores and two men walking the sidewalk.
The doctors are involved in an operation.
An older man with a cigarette in his mouth and a ball cap inspects his camera.
A musical street quartet performs with a guitar case set out for donations.
A homely looking woman is doing a dance.
Two people are staring at a river at night next to a statue of a man.
A person is riding their motorcycle and are shown as the motorcycle jumps into the air.
A group of people outside in orange t-shirts under a De Koninck tent.
Two children play on the street outside an old building.
Two individual climbing up a steep mountain.
A child is laying on the ground next to a stroller.
Two people eating at an outside table with their dog.
Men in casual attire browsing an outdoor fish market.
Two young men play electric guitars on stage.
A tattooed man on a stage pours beer into another man's mouth.
Two people are standing around in front of an inflated blob machine.
Four people are riding bicycles on a bike path near a busy street.
An older woman is standing wearing a pink shirt and a hat.
A person in red with their hand raised and fingers stressed.
A skinny boy with black hair and white shorts is jumping into a body of water.
A child looks through a binocular station near the beach.
A man in a reflective vest stands in a hole in the ground.
A man standing on a street waiting to cross the road
A group of men protesting with signs that say; "PM construction services."
A man riding a running horse with some other men doing the same behind him.
An African American man walking down the street.
Two nuns are posing for a picture.
The girl is in a coffee shop and listening to music.
A woman in a green-patterned shirt is talking on a cellphone.
A small African child carries a younger child on his back.
A storefront with a sign written in chinese.
A person with a purple head covering and purple shirt is standing outside a restaurant.
A person in a red shirt squats down in the street.
A black and a brown dog are running toward the camera.
A man tests model airplanes in an open field.
A man is looking at a small plane flying in the air.
People wait on a mass transit platform while a train speeds by.
A boy with a red shirt walking on a sidewalk holding American flags.
A black dog runs along the green grass carrying a toy in its mouth.
An Oriental traveler awaits his turn at the currency exchange.
A light brown dog is chasing after a ball.
A woman is standing and talking to a group of children.
Two people on motorbikes are riding past construction.
There is a boardwalk by a body of water; a man bicycles by.
People sitting and waving in a mini Pullman train.
A man sitting on a statue outdoors, near a woman standing next to him.
A boat with red, white and blue sails docking at a pier.
A man wearing a black hat taking a photo in a busy street.
A man is standing on a busy street looking with his head tilted up.
Two women, one with a child on her shoulders, are walking against a wall along the side of a road.
A train stop with a band including a tuba and drum.
A fallen dirt biker is aided by another.
Three people are hiking down a long gravel trail with scenic green hills behind them.
Asian men waiting in line many with earphones in their ears.
A woman walking past a wall of green and pink graffiti.
A rhythmic gymnast in a blue and pink outfit performs a ribbon routine.
A group of children play in a public fountain while others sit where it is dryer.
A person is sitting comfortably on a bench in a park.
Three men in red striped shirts carry flags outside of a brick building.
An Asian couple look up at an elaborate memorial.
People are walking through a shopping center.
Three people are outside walking up a set of wooden stairs.
Small boy in blue with a bright red ball walking near four bare trees.
A young man in a green shirt is making a purchase at a store.
An older man in a tropical shirt plays a drum.
A group of people all joking around
An adult Asian male instructs a group of Asian children.
Four middle-aged men stand behind a fence in the midst of a forest.
A woman in a purple bikini sunbathes on a towel beside water.
A small black and white dog is followed by a larger dog in a grassy yard.
The ladies who went shopping are walking past the restaurant.
The African American man protests against unlawful sex.
A motorcycle cop is getting ready to turn onto a new road.
Eight men gathered around a table at night.
A group of people in semi-formal attire meet outside.
Woman talking to friend while walking dog outside on a sunny day.
A young man wearing a gray and black shirt and a white headband
A guy wearing an orange vest sitting on a red motorcycle on the street.
A group of men and women in military uniform.
Three young women smiling while the lady with the red-hair makes a peace gesture.
Two women talking to one another while a man looks on.
A red-haired young man drinks from a water fountain shaped like a woman.
Two guys and a girl walking together in a busy street.
A middle-aged man with red-hair and glasses holding an infant.
A little boy in a red hat riding a horse.
Two boys are playing on the sidewalk.
A young girl in a swimsuit stands silently on a small beach.
Old man wearing a hat and coat sleeping sitting up on a sofa.
Two boys in long-sleeve shirts are reaching and staring upward.
A man and women sitting on the floor and the guy is having a drink.
A group of Asian students in their uniforms.
Three people are sitting at an outdoor table in front of a coffee shop.
A man is doing a somersault wearing a black shirt and red sweatbands.
A man is walking down the street next to a colorful wall.
Two men walking, one of which is looking back and the other looking directly ahead.
There is a man poking a long stick up towards the ceiling.
A group of people walking up stairs surrounded by buildings covered in graffiti.
People are walking through a vegetable stall filled market.
The picture shows several people eating at outdoor tables.
The girl with a shaved head is walking outside on the sidewalk.
An Asian family travels in a motorized car on a busy street in a city.
Man in turquoise shirt reading new paper in a newsstand.
A blond boy is sitting in a stroller holding a Korean language book.
Two small children sitting on a bench while eating ice cream.
A group of people ride bicycles on a large city street.
A man in a blue shirt speaking on a loudspeaker to a large group of people on bicycles.
A man on a cart encourages his mule to keep pulling.
A man on a bicycle pedals through an archway.
A kid with his head shaved sitting and holding a lit cigarette.
Two men in suits standing under an umbrella, next to a wall covered in graffiti.
Old man riding a bicycle while a black Honda SUV drives by in the background.
On horseback a man attempts to rope a young bull.
A cowboy is attempting to lasso a calf while riding a horse.
Two people are riding bikes in front of a vast mountain range.
A man looking for something in a shopping bag.
A man in an electric scooter and bare feet is looking into a crowd of people.
Somebody took a photo of a girl with long black hair taking a photo.
A man in a black shirt and jeans standing on the sidewalk looking at the camera.
Two people consult a map on the interior of a traffic circle.
Several people in blue scrubs and one in a skirt and black blouse.
A woman and a dog sit on a white bench near a beach.
People are walking on the front grounds of a large building.
Men hard hats and safety harnesses walk down the street as part of a march.
A woman wearing black pants and black jacket is holding a pair of glasses.
Several elderly men are grouped around a table.
A man and a woman walking past a brick wall, covered in graffiti.
A man wearing red gloves is holding a red basket.
A woman working on her computer in front of a bright yellow wall.
An aerial view of a man sitting at a desktop computer.
An elderly man sitting outside on a chair with a guitar next to him.
Two workers in sunhats are bent over in a rice paddy.
A woman doing a high jump at an Olympic meet.
A man riding a horse as it jumps into the air while an audience watches.
Two girls enjoy corn on the cob while sitting on a curb.
A football player is being tackled by members of the opposing team.
An older woman smiling as she holds a young girl with a gleeful smile and a dirty face.
A man smiles for the camera as he watches his friend work on a television beside him.
Two people, one with a white head covering, sit in the sand under a tree.
A young boy wearing a blue cap looking through a telescope.
A man cooks with a pot on the stove in the kitchen, two other men observe.
A small child wears skis on a ski hill.
Black women in bright skirts and tops are dancing.
A dude is wearing gloves while doing laundry.
A young girl is sitting backwards on a chair, looking over the back of it.
Two workers weld the bars of a fence near a busy suburban street.
A young man hits a spectacular pose on a rail midair on his skateboard.
Two workers and clearing a busy street of snow.
A middle-aged guitar player is on stage playing a white electric guitar.
Three young girls in winter coats and hats inspect cameras.
A young boy jumps off of a wooden dock and into the water.
A person wearing glasses is prepped for some kind of dental work.
A person in an orange jacket jumping in the air in the snow.
A little blond girl splashing in a mud puddle.
A person rides up a narrow street on a bike, past a spray-painted sign of a hand giving the peace sign.
A young gymnast performs for an audience.
City street with ice cream vendor and some people walking a man riding a motorcycle.
A man and his donkey stand along a sidewalk.
Two little girls ride a bike together down a dusty road.
Two soccer players going head-to-head for a soccer ball.
A photographer taking a picture of a man jumping down the stairs.
A girl is drinking from a drinking fountain.
Mountain climber safely lands in the water.
A man in a lab coat is looking through a microscope.
A little girl in a sweater is laying down on a couch sleeping.
A person is sweeping off a sidewalk in an urban area.
This man is looking intently at the concoction he is stirring.
Under sunny skies, a worker helps in the framing of new building.
Two little girls in pink hats hold hands while wading in water.
Four Asian kids sit on a bench and wave and smile to the camera.
A group of kids on their bicycles smiling at the photographer on a dirt trail.
Young boy wearing apron standing on step stool cutting meat with butter knife.
A clown takes the time to greet children attending a performance.
An older man in nautical gear smilingly turns a ship wheel.
A man operating a large yellow bulldozer.
A woman is riding her horse over dirt ground with tall trees in the background.
A woman sitting on a very large rock smiling at the camera with trees in the background.
Three men are dressed in strange costumes, two are carrying musical instruments.
A little girl plays in a blow up pool.
Two children, a girl and a boy, are swinging on a swing set.
A man throws a net off of a boat while children watch.
A person in a bright yellow vest and hard hat is standing by the railroad tracks.
Two construction workmen wearing hard hats work on a window.
A rock band is performing in a concert hall with hexagonal roof panels.
A punk looking gentleman with ear piercings, a mohawk, and tattoos playing the drums and singing.
Two hispanic women and one man unpacking their cart at the grocery store.
A man with a cowboy hat, cane and suspenders walks down a country road.
An older lady uses a Stair Climber in non-work out clothes.
A girl wearing a mask rides on a man's shoulders through a crowded sidewalk.
Two young ballerinas pose before a sign reading "babys".
Four Asian women performing a dance in traditional, Oriental attire, outside a church with onlookers watching.
A man talks on a cellphone while walking through an empty alley.
A child dressed as a monkey walks in front of a woman playing with finger puppets.
A crowd of people on the street gathering to watch several young men put on a show.
A girl with normal and improvised safety gear rollerblades.
A man is observing a small white motor vehicle perpendicular on the tracks against a large blue and gray train.
Two rockers are singing and playing on a dark stage.
A young girl is stranded in front of a large rock in the middle of a river.
Two guitarist are preparing for a show on stage in front of a waiting crowd
A group of people dancing and a couple engaging in a kiss.
Woman and dog selling her wares on the old building steps outside.
Two men and a woman standing in a circle having a conversation.
A group of men in matching red and black outfits ride in a line on their motorcycles.
A man wearing a number 3 jersey is about to kick a soccer ball.
A vendor in a yellow shirt and black cap presents his wares at a baseball game.
Two rugby teams, one in green and white uniforms, the other in black, are engaged in a scrum.
A young boy is kicking a soccer ball away from 3 opponents.
A woman with a blue shirt and colorful hair has just thrown the bowling ball.
Soccer players in blue and white fight for the ball in midair.
A boy in a gray striped shirt sitting on stairs with a skateboard.
A lady dressed in blue running a marathon.
A Choir wearing all black performing on a stage.
A football player from Iowa State blocks a player from Texas A&amp;M from taking the football from him.
A few men are playing some sort of game on what appears to be a hockey court.
Two dirty guys playing soccer in the grass with players in the background.
A basketball player in white squats while a player in red moves toward him.
Men, women and children walking up and down a street.
Two cars are racing on a track while the audience watches from behind a fence.
A football player in a white jersey readies himself to make a long throw.
A blond toddler is shown in closeup chewing on a popsicle stick.
A woman and a little girl turning a corner on a city street.
Two hockey players trying to score in their opponents goal.
Spectators laugh as three people ride exercise balls down a field.
A kid in a black shirt on a tennis court running with a dark green background.
An old man with glasses hugs a young woman at a gathering of quite a few people.
Family trying to be polite as street magician in trendy Merrell shoes approaches them.
A very young boy wearing a green long-sleeve shirt is laying on a bed at a store.
A cyclist checking his gear for his sunset bike ride.
A female skier holding two ski poles wearing a white knit hat.
Four girls and a lady learning how to do some crafts.
A rodeo scene with a big crowd watching three men being thrown from bucking broncos.
A man with a beard checks his cellphone while a lady looks on.
A smiling young girl swimming in a lake or river that has murky water.
Two young boys pose with a puppy for a family picture.
There are several kids practicing in a taekwondo class.
A man lounging in a red sectional sofa in home store.
There are tables full of people with paperwork who are discussing things.
A jockey wearing a red and blue outfit is staring down a racetrack riding a gray horse.
Hatchback red car racing around the track ahead of two trailing pray.
A man is running towards another man who is being attacked by a bucking bull.
A man in a bathing suit stands near a yellow kayak.
A boy at a gun range aims and shoots.
The team of men are playing a game in the sand.
Two young boys stand on a low cement wall facing each other in a marshy area.
A woman in a yellow shirt is hand-decorating a vase on a green turntable.
Africans walking down a crowded alley during the day.
A right-handed pitcher for the Saints is throwing a pitch.
Two men, both with hats on, are playing volleyball on a beach.
A fisherman is handling a net on a small boat near a dock.
The feet are shown of a person who just fell off of their surfboard.
A syringe filled with vegetables is being compressed into a liquid.
Two men are jumping and colliding in the air while two other men look on.
A boy in a blue jersey kicks a soccer ball into the head of a boy in an orange jersey.
A person with an umbrella is crossing a street using a crosswalk.
A group of runners are running towards two identical skyscrapers.
A man with long hair is skateboarding in a skate park surrounded by houses.
There is a goalie in a swimming pool blocking the ball.
A man gets a kiss on the cheek.
A man in a striped polo is signing autographs for children at a convention.
A man in a blue shirt and jeans grinds down a rail on his skateboard.
Some type of snack food being eaten at what appears to be a railroad site.
Man wearing red uniform holding a black hat in the air with his right hand.
Two cars are driving on a racetrack.
A man wearing a blue and white uniform clutching two yellow ski handles.
Two people are laying down and kissing on a grassy lawn.
A young boy in a blue hat and bib eating a green apple.
Football players are celebrating as an opposing team member watches.
A man in a black jacket and checkered hat wearing black and white striped pants plays an electric guitar on a stage with a singer and another guitar player in the background.
A man in white jumps away from a bull in a bull-fighting ring.
The young lady is hitting her tennis ball on the field.
Two upright bass players performing as a part of an orchestra.
A man carrying a large stack of metal poles over his shoulder.
A seated woman with short hair and a camera throws a Frisbee to a brown dog.
Two people, a man and a woman, are looking at a structure being burned down.
A girl in a long pink jacket reaching into a pool of water filled with change.
A wet, smiling child without a shirt poses with arms raised.
A man in a white martial arts robe attempts to submit his opponent wearing a blue robe.
A woman in a serving motion playing beach volleyball.
Orange striped kitten biting blond girl on the nose
An asian woman demonstrating cooking with margarine in a public place
Two children in a meadow standing on a little rock bridge over a creek.
Two Black women in a brown motorcycle amidst many other motorcycles with the woman in the rear giving a smile to the camera.
Two guys getting a drink at a store counter.
Against a backdrop of scenic snowcapped mountains, a bike rider appears.
A woman with body art takes a picture of art that is up for display.
Female bicyclist wearing black and red bicycle shorts and top and wearing white helmet.
A line of bicyclists in a race rode past interested spectators a mere few feet away.
Football players tackle a member of the opposing team on a water drenched field.
Two American football players in blue are tackling a football player in red.
A player either fielding a high pass or going up for a shot while being defended on the basketball court.
A man is talking on his cellphone across the street from a cafe.
Professional baseball players during the All Star game watch an opponent at bat.
A person in the woods on a muddy trail rounds a corner on a bike.
Four white guys playing basketball and looks like the white jersey is about to score over the red jersey.
A guy is jumping and grabbing his foot with a house in the background.
Two young boys playing in a dirt top playground.
A man wearing sunglasses is riding a scooter.
The little boy lifts his leg and swings the bat in an attempt to hit the ball.
A group of men are sitting in the farm fields taking a break
A puppy with big ears chewing on a stick.
A man is wearing a yellow jacket is wrangling an out of control horse in an outdoor stadium.
A man in a white shirt and apron cuts up a bird.
Woman with white apron cooks food, large group of people sitting at tables behind her.
Runners who are competing sprint down the street.
Asian woman wearing a sunhat while riding a bike.
A child watches another play in the dirt near the street.
An older man is playing a video arcade game.
A girl at the shore of a beach with a mountain in the distance.
A man in an orange hat starring at something.
A dog runs on the green grass near a wooden fence.
A girl in karate uniform breaking a stick with a front kick.
A group of snowmobile riders gather in the snow.
People are fixing the roof of a house.
A man photographs a woman in a pink dress and a throng of men in suits.
A group of people standing in front of an igloo.
A baseball player attempting to score a run before the catcher tags the player out.
Man works on top of scaffolding.
A man in a vest is sitting in a chair and holding magazines.
A young woman is giving a baby a ride on her shoulders.
Volleyball players compete on a sunny day at the beach.
A woman holding a bowl of food in a kitchen.
Indian man whittles in his own home.
People stand inside a rock dome.
A little girl balances on a gymnastics beam.
A couple with sunglasses are laying on the beach.
Young people are standing in the store.
A woman in a striped shirt climbs up a mountain.
Two young women stop and watch street performers.
Family members standing outside a home.
A girl playing trumpet in a marching band.
A woman does a somersault on a trampoline on the beach.
A man is standing by a group of video games in a bar.
A woman, in a teal tank top, holding a power drill.
A woman in a pink sweater cleaning a dining table.
Man on crane cutting tree branches.
Four young teens having fun at a cookout.
A tribal performance of dance and song of three individuals.
A man stands in striking position while holding his opponent's head.
Six People riding bikes on a trail in the forest.
A large number of people walk or rest near a fountain.
A child is splashing in the water
A couple of people sit outdoors at a table with an umbrella and talk.
A man is sitting on a wooden guard rail at a beach.
The woman is at marketplace buying fish from an Arabic person.
A smiling woman playing the harp.
An officer squints directly at the camera as he leans on a metal bar.
A young woman is ready to eat the pizza.
A solitary fisherman stands along a riverbank.
A girl wearing a life vest floats in water.
A man in dressy clothes instructed a captain near a large truck.
People sit inside a train.
A kid swings with his feet up in the air in a forest.
A man in a red shirt entering an establishment.
Two men wearing swimming trunks jump in the air while on the beach.
Toddler is helping to stir ingredients.
Two small children with older man plating a tree.
A man preparing food in his kitchen.
Man on the beach is throwing a red ball.
People walking down sidewalk next to a line of stores.
A man hangs upside in the air over the water.
A large group of people fill a street.
A man on a tag line going into the water.
A woman wearing rolled up jeans passing bus a pass whose ad appears to be checking her out.
A man is laying down in the grass at a beautiful park.
Orange SUV drive by the shore.
Two men wearing black in a city
The man in the yellow pants is raising his arms.
Two mature hikers take a break and admire the sunset over the lake.
A cheerleading team doing a routine on chairs.
The children are playing a game of checkers.
Small child is rollerskating while bicyclists ride around a track.
A man and his dog watch the sunset from a bench.
Two people dig with shovels at a playground by the ocean.
Decorated limo passing by elderly woman waiting on park bench in Chinese street.
The brown dog is standing on the sandy beach.
A young oriental woman sitting amongst her belongings.
A man is grilling out in his backyard.
A female performer singing with her band.
A girl plays her guitar on a dark stage.
A young girl outside on a rainy day.
Two ladies and three men looking at the ocean.
Two women on the street, one is playing the guitar and the other is playing violin.
A young girl swimming in a pool.
Elementary school students play tug-of-war.
Four people in the subway are having fun.
A tan dog jogging with his tongue hanging out
Two people sit on a grassy lawn in front of a building.
Four people dressed for warm weather out on a street walking.
Two young boys loading fruit onto a bicycle.
One man in a black muscle shirt is playing the drums on some overturned buckets.
A young female artists paints an image of a woman on a wall.
A group of volleyball girls high-fiving each other in a gym.
A man stirring a pot of liquid in this kitchen.
A man wakeboards on a lake.
A man is working a hotdog stand.
People sit in green chairs at tables in the street.
A woman with a tag is pouring red wine in a glass
A young smiling child holds his toy alligator up to the camera.
A girl laying on the tree with a boy kneeling before her.
A man cooking at a restaurant in front of diners.
A blond girl wearing blue jumping across a stream.
A man working on a ticket machine as two women stand near.
An older man is opening his arms wide and looking perplexed.
A young boy practices martial arts.
Three men in same colored vests are in the outdoors.
A woman takes a photo of a baby being held by a man.
Many people wearing headphones are sitting in blue chairs looking at computers.
A child expresses emotion on the soccer field.
A happy woman is preparing a refreshment at a coffee shop.
Heavy machinery in a construction zone.
A woman runs after making a hit in women's softball, the catcher rises to her feet.
Man in a blue jumpsuit attempts to repair an escalator.
Five people in full gear are mountain climbing.
Man in white shirt descends a rock cliff.
A man doing handstand on top of a round statue.
Child in a restaurant posing with a paper mask
A dog carries a very big stick through the water.
Two young children and an adult are fishing on the shoreline near large rocks.
A child walking and leaving a trail behind them.
Two people ridding a colorfully decorated bicycle.
A black dog carrying a colorful ball swims.
Man in a blue shirt practicing karate.
Two Indian men participating in a ceremony.
A young man in a jean jacket smiles for the camera inside a store.
Two people canoe down a river at the time of a beautiful sunset.
An Asian man with dark hair wearing a dark shirt riding the subway.
Juggler standing balanced between two columns
Two dogs race across a snowy field.
A band plays on stage in front of an audience.
A baby in a Christmas outfit looks at the camera.
A man is sitting next to a computer monitor.
Lady with glasses sitting and smiling.
People inside of a building, one is taking a photo.
A group of dogs wearing muzzles running a race.
A woman in a blue shirt talking to a baby.
Two men are sitting in chairs in the water fishing.
An old woman working at a loom making cloth.
A boy standing and watching a group of people on a basketball court.
A man in a blue coat grabbing a young boy's shoulder.
The woman and three dogs are in a field.
A kid sitting in a window of a yellow taxi
A man in a gray shirt and hiking boots jumps off a sandy hill.
A boy wearing a orange Doritos jersey jumps up in the air.
A worker in a red hat and yellow coat is on crane lift.
A man in Brazil giving an informal talk to young adults.
Christmas tree lights hang on the ceiling.
A man is abseiling down a cliff over the ocean.
Man in black standing by parked car in the snow.
A fox terrier leaps after a ball.
An attractive young New York City policewoman pauses on the sidewalk.
A Family going for a walk in a park.
A construction worker is frowning with a yellow vest
A little girl dances in a room with balloons on the floor.
A large brown dog is walking along side a river.
A man sits on a small chair on a sidewalk.
A man eating at an outdoor restaurant
Slim, blond woman in white dress holds tennis racket.
A little boy in a red shirt and swim trunks plays at the beach.
An individual wearing rose jacket site idle on a wooden bench.
Man looking out the window of a train.
A woman is holding a small white statue.
Six kids splash in water
Two cyclists traverse a green terrain.
A girl jumps rope on a sidewalk.
A man wearing an orange shirt and helmet.
A woman is playing toys with a young toddler sitting on a red mat.
A family opening up their Christmas presents.
A woman holding onto a camera smiling at the camera.
A little girl tries taking a nap on the comfy sofa.
A doggy runs in the dry grass.
Two dogs are playing outside.
A brown dog standing at the bottom of stone, outdoor stairs.
A check with a green shirt uses a blowtorch on some food.
The man is dressed in all black and has a tattoo on his left arm.
A dog runs outside with a yellow toy.
A dog wearing a cover runs in the snow.
Dog in foreground with three people in background.
A woman holds a young boy who has a wooden spoon in his mouth.
Man in illuminate jacket with headphones on looking.
A group of men using logs to push a boat out of the water.
A man drinks from a wineglass while reading the paper.
A man in a black suit plays the piano.
A young boy in a soccer uniform prepares to kick a soccer ball.
Man with outstretched arms standing on a stone base
A dog drinks water outside on the grass.
Two best friends embracing their friendship.
A man is lathered up and ready for a shave at a barber shop.
The child is running through a puddle in a street.
A man using a chainsaw to cut lumber.
A man sits at a table outside and looks toward the horizon.
The boy wearing a black shirt and blue jeans is holding a red baseball bat.
An unshaven man sits in front of an evergreen tree.
Four dogs race around a turn.
A white man working a spotlight with no shirt on.
Two German sheperds snarling at each other.
Young people hang out at a party.
A brown and white dog fetching a toy.
A man playing an accordion among in a public area.
A woman with brown hair sitting on a bench outside a cafe.
A man playing musical instruments.
Two kids are balancing on a log and holding a rope.
A man stands on his motorcycle while doing a wheelie.
A girl lays on a wooden deck with a piece of clothing covering her face.
A woman in a black shirt sitting on a red bench.
The dog walks across the stream on a fallen log.
A small boy stands on a cement stump in a park with his hands on his head.
The group of people are all covered by umbrellas.
A long, green board that has "lovely" written on it.
A man is throwing a log into a waterway while two dogs watch.
Four people playing instruments underneath a white tent.
A crowd is assembled in a street.
A woman in white clothing is holding a rope.
Two people in blue shirts are outside with a bullhorn.
A black dog in a red harness jumping.
A cowboy riding on the back of a bronco in a competition.
Workers laying gravel along a railroad track.
A town worker working on electrical equipment.
Construction workers in orange talking.
Three men are walking up hill.
A woman in white marriage dress poses with Flowers in her hand
A young man tunes his guitar in the kitchen.
Boys in shorts jump and play outside
Three workers in bright vests are shoveling.
Six people are sitting behind two kayaks.
A choir group is gathered together in a church.
A group of preteens jumping at the same time.
Two guys are kayaking, one orange one blue, down a creek.
Two women repairing a wall with concrete.
A woman in a red jacket and blue jeans is sitting in front of a red arch.
Two people recreating a medieval fight.
A soldier is looking out of a window.
A person cooking on a fire while a small child watches.
Man laying on the ground looking at a boy.
A woman raising the anchors on a boat.
A boy sitting on and looking out from a microscope.
Little girl in pink dress running in grass
Many people are sitting around a tent outside.
A man in a black shirt prepares to play the drum.
A man in blue with a white wrap around his forehead reading a book.
Three children in swimsuites are having fun outside near a white building.
A dog jumps over an obstacle outside.
A dog rolls on the ground.
Two brown dogs fight on the leafy ground.
A man watches a pan catch fire while cooking in the kitchen.
A man, wearing revolutionary period clothes, is ringing a bell.
A man in a black shirt fishing on a rocky shore.
Two dogs bite at each other on the carpet.
Two men stop to chat on the sidewalk as a car passes by.
An Asian man in white working in a kitchen.
Kids getting off a yellow school bus.
Two women wear shirts depicting how much they like beer
A young kayaker wearing an orange life-vest is all alone in a lake.
People walking on a trail in a tree filled park.
Young people chat outside near a buzy street.
A teenage girl holds a little boy near ivy covered walls.
Three people wearing black are posing.
A four wheel drive vehicle is driving on a dirt track.
A light brown dog is running up.
A boy poses with a large green insect on his nose.
A medium sized dog is jumping to get a stick.
A crowd on a busy daytime street.
Two dogs on a wet, sandy track.
A man wearing sandals sits on the sidewalk near some bags.
A man and a woman are chatting while sitting next to a black gate.
A teenage boy is looking at coffee makers at Walmart.
A crowded commercial area in the evening.
A boy is leaning up against a car adorned with flowers.
A mother with her four children.
Two well-dressed men chat.
A woman sweeps the foundation of a house.
A woman peeks out from behind a rock with the ocean in the background.
A brown dog frolics in a field carrying a plush toy
A boy in shorts doing a skateboard trick.
A small child with a distended stomach stands alone.
A woman texts on her phone while surrounded by umbrellas.
Eight men are standing on a stage playing instruments.
A man in an orange jumpsuit and matching hard hat is helping with a blue hose
This man holds a fish while two little girls stand to either side of him.
A man and a dog navigate an obstacle course.
A man is doing a backflip into a pool.
An Asian woman pinning her hair back.
3 kids and one female are playing with blocks in a room.
A small black dog jumping over gates
A man in a green shirt is playing a trumpet.
A man talks on the phone with his feet up.
A group of children sitting on the floor, eating snacks at school
A black boy is sitting in the sand.
Two dogs play together and another runs after in a field.
Some students sit outside school buildings in the grass.
Two dogs play catch with a ball in a field.
The blond-haired child played on the swing.
Three people are talking while two of them are drinking.
A kitchen staff is preparing food.
A dog gets ready to catch a Frisbee.
Fans cheer as the band plays a song.
A young boy stands near a sand pyramid.
Three young children are walking through a grassy yard.
A man pounds on an artwork perched on a cart.
A mountain biker with a backpack crests a ridge.
A brunet child, wearing rain boots is playing in the dirt.
A woman in an orange jacket sits on a bench.
A man doing a trick on skateboard
A man in a martial arts uniform in midair.
Older woman selling food on the street.
Two diverse teams competing in soccer.
A child wearing a jersey jumps in the air.
A goalie in a yellow field is protecting the goal.
A group of people taking shots at a restaurant.
A young man skateboards off a pink railing.
A little boy jumps high off his bed.
2 people in blue and purple costumes are looking at each other with a hill in the background.
A man just made it over the finish line.
Asian woman standing near machinery give peace sign.
A man giving two thumbs up as he runs a race.
Basketball players shoot for a goal during a game.
Number 12 in orange gets ready to throw the football.
A man in a white helmet crouches while he skateboards.
A football coach and his team on the sidelines.
A little girl is pushing her scooter through a grassy tree lined field.
A crowd of children in white shirts, black shorts and white hats jumping rope.
Pedestrians walking down the street look at a child in a cardboard box.
Black dog running across sand.
Two army soldiers and a woman talking in an office.
A few men in gold and red oriental robes.
Man carries bike over obstacle
Couple sitting in the chairs in a backyard.
Children on a train, at an amusement park.
A man in a blue bodysuit surfing.
The boy jumps onto his soccer player brother.
Two soccer players battle for the ball during an intense match.
An old man with an umbrella and cane walking down the street
A boy jumps through the air onto something red.
A boy in an orange shirt is pouring Legos from a bag.
Two women and a man are having a discussion at an event.
Three people smiling and holding political signs.
A policeman stands in front of an SUV.
Two guys wearing jackets.
A child falling back to kick a soccer ball.
A young boy with a blue beanie has his head down.
A man sits while playing the guitar.
A man eating and holding a baby with a white hat on.
A boy is holding up a paper with a crowd of people around him.
A woman directs a crowd of people with a loudspeaker.
Several people with different costumes are gathered together at a Halloween party.
A crowd is present at a bar.
Two girls are walking in car wash parking lot.
A man is using electronic equipment.
Water splashing up against something.
An army officer is inspecting something.
A bride and groom kiss under the bride's veil.
A man with a red bandanna over his face looks on as police stand in the background wearing riot gear.
A black and white dog is jumping fences in a dog show.
A woman wearing a sweater is reading a book in her home.
A male and female watching something interesting.
The man in the white t-shirt is starting to climb a rock.
Man posing in a kitchen with his arm stretched out.
Two young men in black tank tops playing on a set of drums.
Asian workers gleaning in a field.
Two women and a man are looking at a book.
Three people standing near a door, with silly string cans.
A cook is posing for a camera while cooking.
Protesters with "NO NEW COAL" signs in urban area.
A bmx rider gets a lot of air.
A young child is running along a beach.
A white duck expanding its wings in the water.
A group of people are standing in a warehouse.
A woman in a pink skirt is holding a baby.
The goaltender is crouching in front of the goal.
A man is walking past a large sign that says E.S.E. Electronics.
Three children are posing on a playground slide.
A man is dancing with a dog between his legs.
A brown dog running through the water.
Oregon percussionists are marching with the band.
The children are playing outdoors, while a man smiles nearby.
A group of women are playing musical instruments together.
A girl in a purple dress is throwing a tantrum.
A man with graying hair shaves his beard.
A group of dogs stand in the snow.
Man in a Miami basketball uniform jumping to make a shot.
A person is sitting on a chair next to a very small house.
Children sit on top of somebody in a banana suit.
A dog jumping over a stream of water.
A crowd gathered around a park water fountain in the rain.
A group of men standing on the street.
A young Lassie looking dog is in the snow.
Yellow team and Blue team racing to the soccer ball.
A woman in a black shirt is knitting with purple yarn.
Four asian women dressed in yellow dresses perform a ballet.
Man plays a strange looking string instrument.
Women running on a soccer field.
A snow skier is going down a slalom course.
An older man plays a game with a small child.
A film crew films a young African boy in a yellow shirt.
A person walks in the dark near streetlights.
Cowboy riding a black bull in a ring.
Where is the rest of his racket?
Two young children scaling a wall with harnesses on.
The quad at the student services fair.
A young girl in martial arts class kicks a bag.
Two men are playing with tires in muddy water.
Many people are watching street performers dancing.
The woman in the tan suit is speaking at the pedestal.
A woman is laying down on a sofa laughing.
A girl smiles while holding a shovel.
A dear jumps the fence.
Three dogs wrestle in the grass.
Two young children are on sand.
A small boy enjoys chasing ducks in the fall.
Four people stand with their dogs in a field.
A group of men and women are standing outside on green grass.
Girl wearing radio t-shirt has open mouth
A tribal group filling water jugs in the desert.
The man is in front of a building
Seagulls fighting over a scrap of bread.
Two men ride on a rural road in a flatbed vehicle pulled by two horses.
Two people at the top of a mountain.
A lady is lying in the snow making a snow angel.
Three men are cheering in kitchen.
A person is writing on a chalkboard in a empty classroom.
A man either giving or viewing a powerpoint presentation.
A group of people rest on a cliff overlooking a scenic view.
A man doing a skateboard trick over a railroad track.
There is a man in an orange shirt playing tennis.
A dark brown dog is biting at a lighter brown colored dog.
What is this ecstatic child running towards?
A man in orange working under dim lighting.
A cowboy with a white hat tying a bull.
Two dogs are playing in the snow.
A restaurant worker takes a sip of coffee in the kitchen.
A dog chases another dog with a toy in its mouth.
Hockey player in white uniform with stick
A man wearing a white t-shirt has his mouth open wide.
A brown dog is looking at the black horse on the other side of the gate.
A man with mismatched shoes sits in front of an entrance.
A couple posing together each smiling
A maze of blue and yellow walls in front of a lady
A black dog is chasing a punctured ball in the snow.
A small child kissing a cat on the kitchen counter.
The two kids are playing at the playground.
A man in a sleeveless blue tennis shirt blows kisses to the fans.
A boy takes a flying leap into the water.
A boy carrying a chunk of snow.
Two police officers observe while a crowd gathers outside a white tarp.
Two men trying to build a fire.
Two men sit talking near a stone building.
Two young girls pose for a picture with one carrying the other.
A black and white dog catching a baseball in midair.
Man and woman kissing on sidewalk next to a parked car.
A woman is playing volleyball.
Two large dogs are fighting in a dirt field.
A brown dog jumps over an obstacle.
A dark-haired main standing in front of a blue garage door.
A girl in pink is holding onto a young boy wearing red.
People at a rodeo are watching a cowboy getting thrown from the bull.
Children fight to win a tug-of-war battle.
A man in a green shirt rides a bike in the woods.
Two women in India, sitting near an ox.
A man helping a boy ride a bike.
Boy in red shirt and black shorts sweeps driveway.
Family standing in a small village.
A long-haired flutist performs near a tree outside.
Two women are smiling while sitting at the table.
A brown dog is walking on the grass.
Two girls participate in a softball game.
A woman tears up over a huge donation to the Kids Food Basket.
Two dogs, one holding a ball.
Two adults and two children pose on a park bench.
A woman blowing on a milkweed in a field.
Mexican villagers are buying potatoes at an outdoor market.
Seven people are outside listening to a man playing his instrument.
A man listening to music on a park bench.
An old man with a red scarf reading a newspaper on the subway.
A man wearing apron is slicing a meat.
Man in a red shirt riding a trick bicycle on only the rear wheel.
A man is at the beach making a sand sculpture.
People enjoying cookout food in a public park.
Two women, one wearing a purple shirt, attempt to climb a utility pole.
A horse rider struggles to stay on their mount.
A dog is jumping through a flaming hoop.
A woman named Amanda is applying lipstick to her lips.
A guy fixing a bike for a young girl.
Two women are dancing while men play music behind them.
A large yellow dog is retrieving a stick.
The sun is under someone's nose.
An audience cheers at a concert.
Three women in elaborate costumes hold up "I Love You" cards.
A dog is digging a hole in the dirt
A little boy in a striped polo shirt plays tennis.
Two dogs run on a dirt area near a forest.
A child is playing in water.
Three young sumo wrestlers standing and listening to an announcer
Two men are in the woods one is looking at a log.
Three players bring a team opponent to the ground.
2 males walking about on a street corner.
A man holding up another with his back.
A white dog is walking on top of a mountain.
A boy riding a skateboard on a skateboarding ramp
A man on stage next to a microphone.
Three athletes holding bouquets stand on the victory podium.
Two bald drag queens in red dresses
A toddler is looking at clothes on a rack.
A young girl hanging onto playground equipment.
A man riding a green motorcycle jumping nine other green motorcycles.
Woman on four way seesaw with 2 kids.
A group of people playing on a beach.
A girl cyclist being hugged by another girl.
Two dogs leap through snowy grass and rocks.
A woman holds a dog while another dog stands nearby in a field.
A street vendor is displaying artwork and other goods.
Two older people sit at an outdoor cafe table.
Two guys with nipple piercings are smiling.
A baby laughing on the floor.
A man and woman are locked arms sitting down and all dressed up.
Two people mud wrestling.
A man in a white shirt walking in front of an old building.
Two figures are walking by a pond.
A newlywed couple speak with guests at their wedding.
Two women, one in blue and one in red speed skating on a basketball court.
A family sitting on rocks posing for the camera.
A group of people do tricks on motorbikes.
A man riding a bike through the forest
A man in green walking down the beach while holding his shoes.
Several men standing around an antique race car
Two mechanics working on a drag racing car.
Children jump off the edge into a pool.
A man with Rollerblades grinding a curb.
A woman in a striped-tunic on a bicycle.
A woman in black clothes with one leg up.
A man in brown building a raft.
Some men sitting on the steps of a church.
A crane operates amidst piles of rubble.
Gymnast doing handstand on a pole
An old woman is choosing fresh herbs at the market.
Two men are working in a shop.
A teacher in white and a little girl wearing a yellow dress playing with building block.
A young female child asleep with a book laying over her chest.
A woman eating in the grass on a beautiful day.
A man is walking down a narrow street.
Native woman being constructive with her hands.
One African American woman working in a field with a baby in a sling.
A man in a karate is performing in front of two judges.
A man dressed in Victorian-era clothing plays a piano in the street.
An elderly man sitting in a chair, eating some snacks.
A young woman in white working in a professional kitchen.
A man with work clothes on standing on the back of a truck.
Two children pet horses in a field.
A window with some type of design painted on it.
Woman with a surprised face in front of a Vitamin Shoppe
Young man taping arm from injury wearing cowboy hat.
A guy explains something to his friend.
A woman in a red shirt sitting with two young girls in dresses.
A girl in a red shirt jumps up to hit a tennis ball.
A man posing the camera with green crane.
A man share a Carlsberg toast with someone.
Trays of freshly-baked pretzels are being loaded onto a delivery truck.
A man in a dark jacket is playing an instrument.
Martial artist with rods performing in a parade.
A man stands on a rocky cliff overlooking a body of water.
Police officer whistles while he works
Two police officers on duty watching over things.
Two men in blue shirts looking at a soccer game.
Policemen stand at attention in their office.
A woman is doing yoga at the beach.
People gathered to watch someone play the flute.
A man with a balloon hat makes balloon animals.
Men tend meat at the makeshift barbecue.
Two men selling fruit at a fruit market.
A woman in a bikini is pouring a drink for a man.
Boy in sunglasses is running behind a fair.
A white man is splitting wood indoors
A man in a plaid shirt shows off a black set of gloves.
Two men sitting and talking to each other.
A woman in a red velvet dress and black hat waits by a curb.
Soccer players stand on the field.
People jump over a mountain crevasse on a rope.
People watching marathon runners.
Three people work on their laptops inside a store.
A guy with headphones DJing at a party.
A man wearing gloves carries corn through a field.
This is a mirrored ceiling in a cafeteria.
A woman holding a red balloon in a red coat.
An old woman watches a cat investigates two rabbits.
A woman sits in a cafe, looking out a window.
Three college-age women sit in upholstered chairs.
A woman in a blue shirt walking in a village.
Many kids are sitting and taking notes.
A tan dog playing with a stick on the shore.
Two dogs biting another dog in a field.
A child is on a motorcycle smiling.
A family having a turkey dinner.
A man in a Santa suit stands amongst a crowded street.
People at a protest regarding military personnel.
A woman in a blue helmet and red pants riding a motorcycle.
People are in a room practicing a martial art.
A man in a black costume and a woman in an orange costume are dueling in front of a crowd of spectators.
A guy who got out of his car with trees around.
Young woman climbing rock face
A man in a green jacket is working on his tire.
Two men read a bunch of colorful notes laid out on a table.
A man sings and plays the guitar into a microphone.
Two men sitting in a restaurant.
Two people in shorts are running on the beach.
Construction workers having a discussion by the tracks.
People stand and walk on a brick sidewalk wearing jackets and warm clothes.
A group of people are playing on an object.
A little girl in navy blue is posing on a railing.
A group of men sitting and talking behind some green fruit.
A man dressed in yellow speaks into a microphone.
A brown dog with a purple Frisbee in its mouth.
Oriental man practicing his karate moves by the ocean.
A woman with a drink and a woman with a cellphone.
A young boy with a red jacket fell from his sled in the snow.
A woman sitting next to her purse watching dogs at the park.
A musical act wearing clown makeup is performing with a guitar.
African woman standing near a hut with pots and jugs.
Two dancers performing in the spotlight, on stage.
Two small dogs follow a larger dog with a tennis ball
A man with a bushy beard and a baseball cap sits on a park bench.
An African tribe is standing in their garden with the forest in the background.
A young girl is trying to brush a goat.
Some people sitting on yellow chairs eating in a cafe.
A very young girl is holding food while sitting in a highchair.
A man mows a small lawn with a push mower.
A woman reads a book while sitting in a row of red chairs.
A child claps while riding on a woman's shoulders.
A man is sitting in the snow watching as a group of people are walking by.
A cat sits on top of a store sign.
A man is wearing a black jacket and has on headphones.
A young man about to throw a football.
A guy and a girl going down a spiral walkway.
A woman with pink hair poses on a street corner with two pink dogs.
A businessman prepares to walk into work carrying his bag and a morning coffee.
A man jumps in the middle of a rocky desert.
A person wearing a red jacket holding rainbow streamers.
A woman puts her arm on a person sitting in a wheelchair.
An Asian man is cooking eggs in a pan outside while a woman watches.
A woman with a push-to-talk cellphone and headset waiting at a crosswalk.
A group of men walk down a city street.
Cars driving down a street lined with ornate walls and power lines.
A circular piece of architecture is in this city.
A curly-haired man carrying drinks.
Pan handler playing the accordion on the sidewalk.
A woman dressed up in green, probably for St. Patrick's day.
A young girl fully dresses running on the beach towards the water.
A skateboarder in a black t-shirt and jeans skating threw the city.
A man with a blue jacket photographing a large building.
People on the sideline of a soccer match.
A family of four is crossing the street.
A group of people walk down the street in the sun.
A man picking his nose and with poor hygiene skills.
An empty alleyway with blocked off windows.
Observers and Players watch a batting from a batter at a game.
The woman in the gold coat hurries to catch the subway.
Two row of trees leading to an open gate.
A man in a suit is sitting at a bus stop.
A black man plays a makeshift drum set with a cardboard sign.
A young brunette woman eating and drinking something.
A man with a top hat is playing guitar on the sidewalk.
A woman in a red vest working at a computer.
People getting near fire to warm hands.
A man using the bathroom mirror to tie his tie.
There is a band playing for a small audience.
Two guys sitting on a car and horse with potatoes in the back.
A woman in a dress walks past a construction zone.
A clerk in a convenience store asks a customer buying alcohol for his age and identification.
A man wearing sunglasses in a backhoe dumps dirt onto the ground.
A baby playing with her toys looking at a black and white cat.
A teenage girl is carrying a guitar in the woods.
A man strolls down a sidewalk, holding an orange bag.
A tourists shopping at a local dive shop.
A woman in black is holding something in her mouth.
A group of people looking out at a coffee table
A BMX biker shoots up into the air.
A blond woman shows her profile in front of a white luxury car.
Three young girls are walking together down the sidewalk.
A woman with long hair is at a graduation ceremony.
A man is skateboarding on a road while another man watches from the sidewalk.
A man in a black leather coat is standing in front of a sign.
A man and a woman on stage at an outdoor venue.
A young child with ringlet curls laying in a grassy area blows dandelion fuzz off a stem.
A young women's soccer team with green uniforms is performing a stretching exercise.
Two dancers are performing within a caution-tape boundary.
A man is bent over working outside under red green and yellow flags.
A group of men standing on a field of black balls.
A person in jeans, half-hidden by an umbrella.
A man in a tank top fixing himself a hotdog.
Ten people swimming in calm water.
Several people are outside sitting on a long bench either working or resting.
The workers are surrounding a hole with a bucket.
A man on a rocky beach, wearing a black bathing suit, staring at the water.
A guard is on the look out while on duty.
A pool player lines up his shot, as friends stand by awaiting their turn.
A group of people stand in the park of a city.
A woman stares at a man wearing a plaid shirt.
A group of people linger on the side of a road.
Two men in robes next to a large structure.
Two people are spending good time in their boat.
A man and a woman standing on a street corner.
Exhausted looking firemen are walking.
Four men pose for the camera on a blanket in what appears to be a middle eastern location.
This is a large group of people sitting outside on benches.
A picture of a storefront with a few people passing by.
Doctors performing some type of surgery.
A man wearing a tank-top and a baseball cap holding a camera.
Small orchestra playing with open violin case in front
The two man are dancing in the street.
Two people look on in the nighttime at the lights in a city.
A man drives a motorcycle in a wooded area, with another driver standing to the side.
Several men dressed in orange gather for an outdoor social event.
Two people walk on the sidewalk past a brick building.
Nice view of a guy climbing a cliff.
The child is having a meltdown on the ground.
Two people eating with an onlooking greyhound dog.
A man wearing a jacket, hat and jeans at a market
Two men are playing guitar in a band.
Man serving another man a beer without using a cup.
Two people standing outside next to blow up toys and dumpsters.
Three bicyclists riding on bridge along side traffic.
Two older women outside set against a cityscape.
Woman in red looking over the celebration parade below.
A skinny shirtless indian boy wearing shorts is jumping to the lake.
Girl child looking through a telescope in a serene setting
A black man in a reflective vest standing in a dirt hole.
A man waits at a light to cross the street.
Construction workers picketing against PM Construction Services.
Hispanics are on horseback trying to wrangle a free horse.
A black man with a red shirt on is walking.
Two nuns are standing outside.
Girl listening to purple headphones at a coffee shop
A girl in a green shirt talking on a cellphone.
African girl with a small boy tied to her back by fabric.
A group of people are sitting in chairs.
A person in a bandanna stands on the street in front his things.
Woman with red shirt sitting holding purse.
A black dog and a brown dog with a ball.
A man holding a remote controlled airplane.
A man in a field with an airplane in view.
A man in a black suite sitting in a train tunnel.
A kid is walking down the sidewalk with a few American flags.
A black dog runs on green grass with a toy in his mouth.
A man in a black shirt is standing in line with his luggage.
A dog is playing fetch with a ball.
A group of students sit and listen to the speaker.
People are driving scooters down the street at night.
A large gray sea deck and a guy on the bike.
Man and his son wave as they ride a small train.
A young man and women near a large metal sculpture
A group of people get set to go fishing.
A man with a hat is taking a photo in a busy city.
Man with plaid shirt staring off into the distance.
A woman in black has a little girl in a yellow dress on her shoulders.
People playing instruments at a train station.
The dirt bike rider is deep in the sand.
Three people, with backpacks hiking along a dirt road through the mountains.
Many men in suits waiting, one man is on his cellphone.
A girl walking past some graffiti on a brick wall.
A woman on a large floor twirling ribbons and she is wearing a uniform.
A man in blue shorts and sitting in the pool watches a boy get out of the water.
A man sitting on a bench under a large tree.
Three men in striped shirts carry flags.
This photo shows Asian art on display.
People walking through the mall.
These people are climbing the steps to go the mountain
The toddler in blue is looking away from his red ball.
People are looking at children's toys in a store.
A man in a straw hat playing the drum.
A group of young Asian people.
An Asian man in a black shirt making a fighting pose
A group of men are standing beside a blue railing for a picture.
A girl on a swimsuit stretching her leg next to the beach
A puppy with blue eyes runs, an older dog with blue eyes stands behind.
A group of people outside of a building.
Man standing by a poster of religious beliefs.
A policeman is on a bike waiting for the light to change.
A group of men are sitting around a table.
A group of people stand in front of a small gate.
A woman walking her dog and another woman is pushing a stroller.
The one teen has a headband and the other one a hat.
Two people on red motorcycle riding with a group of motorcyclist.
Two female soldiers standing in a crowd.
Three girls are smiling for a picture.
Two young women discuss something while waiting.
A boy is drinking out of a water fountain shaped like a woman.
Two men and a woman are walking down a city street.
An older male is holding an infant while sitting down.
A child in a red hat is riding a horse.
A young boy is playing with a yo-yo.
A little girl on the beach with a shovel in hand.
An elderly man sleeps sitting up on the end of a red couch
Two people waving their hands in the air and looking up.
A young couple sits on the sidewalk and relaxes together.
An asian girl is flashing the peace-sign.
Three people sitting at a table outside Bar Gelati Tabacchi.
An upside down man in a black shirt with red wristbands.
A man walking in front of a colorful wall mural.
A young man wearing a blue jacket is turning his head.
A man trimming a palm tree inside a patio-type cafe'.
A woman wearing a p blouse walks up a flight of stairs.
Different kind of people roaming around in a public market
Two young boys eat McDonalds for lunch.
A woman wearing a denim jacket walking along a sidewalk
A man rides some people on a street cart in traffic.
A gentleman reading a newspaper at a newspaper stand.
A boy in a stroller is wearing a green shirt and holding a book.
Two children sit side by side while eating a treat.
Asian people ride their bikes in the street.
Crowds of people are all riding bicycles.
A man riding a cart pulled by a donkey.
A man in black is riding his bike.
A young man in a blue poncho smoking a cigarette.
Two men in suits under an umbrella and in front of graffiti.
A gentleman is riding his bike in the city.
A cowboy is roping a steer while riding a horse.
A cowboy-looking fellow slings a lasso.
Two people are biking past a house and field in the country.
Someone buying groceries at a grocery store.
The elderly man is enjoying time in the park visiting with friends.
A woman with long hair in black clothing is taking a photograph.
Three people walk away from the camera, and a man in a black shirt looks back.
Two people looking a piece of paper standing on concrete.
A woman talks on the phone as a group of men talk before class.
A woman in a swimsuit sitting on a bench with a dog.
Two women are walking in dirt outside a large building.
A group of men and a child in white shirts are standing in the road.
A woman wearing all black and carrying a black bag on sidewalk
A group of men sits around a table.
A mural of children on a brick wall.
A dark-haired man wearing a black apron.
Woman sitting at a table while working on her laptop computer.
A man seriously working on something on a desktop.
A man sits in a chair watching people stroll by.
Two gardeners are pruning a stretch of leafy plants.
Some leaping over a high bar in Barcelona.
A man in full cowboy attire rides a bucking horse for an audience.
Two young girls are sitting on the street eating corn.
A football player for the East Lake team takes down his opponent.
A young child with a dirty face being held by an old woman.
Two men are in a room and are looking in opposite directions.
Two people sitting under a tree picking a green vegetable.
A child is looking through a telescope
Man preparing food while two others watch.
A small child in a snowsuit and skis.
A group of village women gathered in dance
Man and woman sort clothes together.
A young girl sitting on a wooden chair.
A man in blue is using a tool on a metal piece of fence.
A punk wearing a white T-shirt is performing tricks on his skateboard.
Men shoveling snow on a sidewalk in a city.
A guy wearing a white shirt is playing a white guitar.
Three children inspecting their disposable cameras.
A little boy jumping off of a dock into a lake.
This woman is having some sort of dental procedure done.
A snowboarder in an orange coat is in the middle of a jump.
A naked little girl splashing in a mud puddle
One man riding his bicycle through an alleyway next to some graffiti.
A gymnast is being judged at en event.
People walking down the street with a street vendor.
A man in an alley with his mule.
Two children are playing with a bicycle.
Two men scrimmage in soccer, as a referee looks on.
A man jumps and poses for photographers lying on the ground.
A girl takes a sip from the water fountain.
The spelunker finds water during his trek.
A scientist looking through a microscope in a lab.
A blond child sleeping by the couch.
A shopkeeper sweeps the front of his store.
Three Asian men in a kitchen cooking.
A construction worker prepping for roof work.
Two girls in shorts are holding hands at a pool.
A group of children playing and having a good time.
Children ride bikes in what appears to be an impoverished nation.
A boy in an over-sized chef hat and apron, cutting sausages in the kitchen.
Children petting an animal, a clown is holding.
Pictured is the captain of a boat; he is steering.
A yellow bulldozer working to move dirt.
A woman in a red shirt and black pants riding a white horse on brown grass.
A woman with black sunglasses is posing for a photo on top of a large rock outdoors.
Three men are dress up with some colors of blue, orange and white.
A girl plays in an inflatable pool.
A boy and a girl are swinging on a swing set in a park.
A man throws a fishing net into the bay.
A worker in a yellow vest stands on train tracks.
Two men in hard hats working at building a structure.
There is a band on stage with band members wearing hints of blue.
A rocker with his shirt off sings into a microphone while he plays the drums.
Here are three people unloading their groceries at the supermarket.
An Amish man walking down a country road.
Woman on a fitness machine in an untidy house.
A man puts a little girl atop his shoulders while walking down a busy street.
Two dancers are practicing ballet technique.
Several women are performing a dance in front of a building.
Chinese male on his cellphone walking through the alley.
A woman plays with finger puppets as a small child in a costume walks by.
Bare chested Black men play drums on makeshift paint buckets to a pleased crowd.
A child is rollerblading with a lot of pads.
A small white car is on the train tracks and may or may not have been hit by the train behind it.
Two old men play guitar and sing at a rock concert.
A woman in blue shorts is walking near a large rock in a shallow river.
Two men playing guitar in front of a large audience.
All couples are dancing and enjoying their company.
A woman sits in a market where she sells goods with her dog.
Two men and a woman are having a conversation.
A group of men in red and black jackets waits on motorcycles.
A man with a number 3 soccer uniform kicking a soccer ball.
A man is hawking refreshments at a sports game.
Some guys are playing sports together.
Kids compete to gain possession of the soccer ball.
A woman in a blue shirt releasing a bowling ball at a bowling lane.
Several football players on a field in action.
A boy is sitting on an escalator holding a phone.
A woman who is running, with blue shorts.
A group of young adults singing in a choir.
The Iowa State football player blocks a Texas A&amp;M defenseman while running with the ball.
Two sweepers work frantically as their curling teammates look on.
Men are playing soccer in muddy conditions.
Men from Lafayette and Penn State are playing basketball.
People walk through an arch in an old-looking city.
Two Formula-1 cars are racing side by side on a track.
A football player in a white uniform is holding a football.
A young child has a popsicle stick in his mouth.
A woman and a child are walking down a street.
Four people playing hockey in an ice rink.
Three woman bouncing on balls in the grass.
A young male is running while playing tennis against another person.
A man and a woman in white shirts are hugging each other.
Street magician showing an act to a group of 5 people in a city.
Very young boy in a green shirt laying face down on a white bed.
A man rest against his bicycle as the sun sets.
A woman is skying in a snowy area wearing warm clothing.
Four females are doing some crafts activity.
A man wearing black and white stripes is trying to stop a horse.
A man is photographing a piece of paper with his smartphone.
A woman with red-hair is neck deep in cloudy blue water.
Two little boys in polos, are holding a black lab.
Four children practice karate while two adults watch.
A man lounges on a red sofa in a furniture showroom.
A group of people talking at tables.
A jockey riding his horse in a race, as another, losing jockey looks on.
A red race car is rounding the corner, ahead of the other cars.
A man being hit by a bull during an event, as another man runs to help.
A shirtless man walks toward a yellow kayak.
A boy aiming his gun at a target.
A group of men playing a game of rugby.
In this photo, two young boys are socializing by a pond.
A woman paints a brown vase with white flowers.
A family is at a market in a different country.
A baseball player for the Saints is pitching the baseball.
A man on the beach jumps to hit a volleyball.
A man stands on a blue boat, handling fishing nets.
Two feet and a surfboard emerging from a wave.
Someone is filling a large syringe with vegetables.
Soccer players are jumping in the air to hit the ball with their heads.
Two boys practicing passing a soccer ball.
Someone carrying an umbrella while crossing an intersection.
A large group of people are running a marathon through a city.
A young man with long hair practices skateboarding.
Two people are playing a water sport.
A guy give a kiss to a guy also
A man signs an autograph in a young boy's book.
A man in a blue shirt is skateboarding.
An Asian man sits on the tracks with crates of peanuts.
A uniformed man standing and cheering while holding his hat in his hands.
The cars are racing around the track.
His eyes filled with joyous expectation, a skier prepares for a jump.
A young boy and girl cuddle in a grassy field.
A toddler eats a green apple in his playpen outside.
The football players are running to get the ball.
A rock band playing on stage with the lead guitarist wearing white striped pants and the lead singer in a black shirt and jeans with the bass player in the background.
A man is leaping over a barrier away from a bull.
She is hitting the tennis ball over the line.
Two concert base players are playing their instruments.
A man is carrying metal beams in a supply yard.
Woman with camera is throwing a Frisbee for her brown dog to catch.
Two people, a male and a female, are watching a very large fire.
Two young girls dressed in pink reach into wishing fountain at mall.
A young boy with long hair plays in the water.
Two men, one wearing white and the other wearing blue, are wrestling.
A female beach volleyball player serving the ball.
A orange kitten biting the nose of a child.
A woman is cooking with a large pot.
Two children cross a small brook using a stone bridge.
Two African American women without helmets are riding on a scooter, the passenger is waving to the camera.
Two boys in front of a soda machine.
A man rides his mountain bike with mountains in the background.
A woman with a tattoo and a cellphone stands in front of a picture.
A woman rides her bike with her white helmet and her biking shorts and top.
A team of cyclists rounds a bend while nearby spectators cheer and take photographs.
A football player being tackled on a rainy day.
A runner scrambles for yardage while being brought down by two tacklers.
A basketball is in progress with a man in white and gold attempting to block a shot from a man in black.
A man is talking on a cellphone outside.
A baseball player taking a swing at the plate.
Dirt biker makes a sloping turn in a forest during the fall.
Two young men playing basketball, one defending the other attempting to make a basket.
A boy grimaces as he jumps high in the air.
Two boys playing together at a playground.
A boy riding his scooter with sunglasses on.
A boy wearing a cubs uniform winds up to hit a ball on a tee.
Six men sit in a field of crops containing wooden crates.
A brown puppy chewing on a stick.
A male wearing a number 12 shirt, is maintaining the horse steady.
A man with an apron and hat cooking.
A hispanic woman is using a outdoors wok to cook.
A girl in black clothes leads the way in a race.
A woman wearing a hat is riding a bike.
There are kids playing in the dirt beside the road.
An old man playing a game at the casino.
Little girl in arm floaties exploring the coast line.
A man wears an orange hat and glasses.
A Boston terrier is running in the grass.
A girl breaking boards by using karate.
Group gathered to go snowmobiling.
Three men are working on a roof.
Man taking a photograph of a well dressed group of teens.
Several students waiting outside an igloo.
A baseball catcher trying to tag a base runner in a baseball game.
A guy works on a building.
A construction worker holds a sign about bicycling.
A woman gives a small child a piggyback ride.
Men playing volleyball in the sand.
Women in store happily holding some food.
A man is sharpening a knife.
Three people sit in a cave.
A little girl is walking on a balance beam.
A blond holding hands with a guy in the sand.
A woman in a cap at a coffee shop.
A young man climbs a rocky hill.
Pedestrians interact with street artists.
People standing outside of a building.
Girl playing the trumpet in a marching band
Trampolines are a fun way to exercise.
A man stands next to three video machines.
Spectators about to watch a woman use a drill.
A woman in a pink shirt cleaning a wooden table.
A man cutting branches of trees.
A group of asians smiling and eating.
The indian's are performing a sacred dance.
A strong man is hitting to a person.
A group of people is bike riding in the woods.
Two women have a seat in a busy metropolitan area.
A boy playing in a lake
Three people sit at an outdoor cafe.
Boys look over a bridge on to a lake.
A lady in a striped shirt is shopping at a fish market.
A woman playing a harp.
Park Ranger looking very stern today
The young lady is looking at the pizza.
A man with no shirt fishing.
A girl floating wearing a life vest.
We have to go there to look into the machine.
People on a subway.
A child swings and the sunshine shines down on her.
A man walking into s foreign building.
Two men jumping excitedly at a rocky beach.
A toddler mixes some food in a bowel.
A man and two children are planting a tree.
A man cooking food on the stove.
A man plays with a ball at the beach.
People are walking by stores and window shopping.
A person upside down on a water board.
A large crowd of people are walking.
A man in a harness lands in the water.
A woman in jeans walks by a bus with an ad depicting a woman peering over her sunglasses.
A man sitting in the grass as a ball flies by.
A car parked at the beach.
Two male spectators
A muscular man in yellow pants.
Two men playing golf near water while the sun is setting.
Male cheerleading squad performs at a park.
Children playing checkers.
A crowd of people out for some fun in public park.
A man holds his dog near a pond.
Two children playing in the sand.
A woman in a blue shirt is looking in her change purse.
A gray dog plays in the sand at the ocean.
An Asian woman is selling colorful fabrics.
A man stands at a barbecues.
A band performs in a dimly lit setting.
A woman is playing guitar on stage
A woman sitting on a lawn chair.
Five people look out toward the ocean.
2 women are standing in a street playing a blue guitar and a violin.
A young girl swimming in a pool
A group of children are playing Tug-of-War.
Three people dancing in the subway.
A dog running with tongue hanging out.
People sitting outside a house enjoying wine.
These people are walking in a crowd of people.
Two young boys putting fruit on the bike.
A man is sitting on the street playing drums on buckets.
A woman is completing a picture of a young woman.
Females, who are on team usa, jump in the air excitedly.
A man with glasses stirs a pot on the stove.
Blond boy waterskiing.
Hotdog stand on a busy street
Some of the people in the crowd are having a drink
A lady in the kitchen is pouring wine.
A little boy holding a baby reptile.
A woman with pink hair dressed in black talks to a man.
A chef cooking at a hibachi grill.
A girl hops across the river, from rock to rock.
A man working on a ticket box.
A man in a gray shirt holds his hands in the air.
A young child practicing karate.
Three men work behind a short wall.
Woman is taking a picture of a baby in a pink hat.
A group of mostly asian children sitting at cubicles in blue chairs.
A young soccer boy crying in the soccer field
A young woman is working in a kitchen.
Construction equipment at work.
Girl hits a ball and the catcher looks on.
A man with a mustache works on a broken escalator.
A group of people are climbing in cold weather.
A man rock climbing in a forest.
A person does a handstand on public art.
A young child wearing a mask at Ivars.
A dog holds a stick in its mouth in the water.
A family fishes off the edge of a beach.
A little kid is walking next to red banners.
Two people on a bicycle are posing for a picture
A black dog is retrieving a ball in water.
A man kicking a workout bag.
Young asian man paying his respects.
A boy with writing on his hand is standing in a store.
Two people in a canoe on the waterside during sunset.
An Asian man wearing a Nike shirt is on a train in a subway.
Man scaling wall with fire in hand
Two dogs run through a snowy field.
A band playing on stage for a crowd
A woman smiling at a baby.
A man with glasses typing on the computer
A woman in a sweater is laughing.
Two elderly men having a conversation.
Dogs racing
A woman talks to her newborn child.
Men sitting in chairs in shallow water fishing.
A woman makes fabric in a village.
A boy stands overlooking a schoolyard where other children play.
A Car speeding past 2 pedestrians near a Metal Pole.
Three gray dogs jump at a woman.
The boy is hanging out of the yellow cab.
The man in the gray shirt is jumping off of the sand dune.
A child wearing a yellow shirt is jumping up and down.
A Heavy machine lifting up a worker.
A hispanic man talking to people.
A man in a bar.
A person is swinging by a cord over the ocean.
Guy outside of his car stuck in snow.
A terrier chasing a red ball.
A police woman smiling and wearing sunglasses and a hat.
A family walks through a park.
A man standing in a yellow jacket.
The blond girl is dancing inside a house.
A brown dog walks on the rocks near a river.
This man is at work on the street.
A man in a red shirt is eating.
A young lady in white holding a tennis racket
A little boy is kneeling looking at his yellow shovel
Woman in pink parka sits near vending machine.
Man on train starring out a window.
A blond woman holding a white statue.
Kids play in the water
Two people are riding bikes up a hill
A small girl jumping rope.
A man smiling with a helmet on his head.
New Mom plays with her young baby.
A little girl opening a Christmas present.
People at a photo shoot.
A sleepy little girl on a couch.
A dog running down a hill.
Two dogs play by a tree.
A woman walking up some stairs.
Two men cooking fast food.
A couple of men are standing outside a tent.
A white dog fetching a yellow toy.
Dog in jacket running through snow
A family is playing on the beach with their dog.
A mother and child are baking.
Two men and a lady are standing outside.
A group of young men and women push a boat to shore.
Man in black hat sipping wine.
A man intently playing piano.
A young boy on a Texas soccer team is playing soccer.
Man standing on rock with outstretched hands.
A dog drinks from a sprinkler.
Two girls posing for the camera.
There is a large man getting shaved.
A child in green shoes is splashing in a puddle.
A man is sawing a piece of wood.
A man sits at a table outdoors and watches people.
A young boy practices his bat swing while in the stands with blue seats.
A man wearing glasses sits in the grass.
Dogs run at a dog racetrack.
A middle-aged male is holding a spotlight.
Two German Sheppard dogs are fighting.
Youngle people standing together.
A dog running though a grassy field.
A man playing the accordion on a brick road.
A woman sitting on a bench by a coffee house.
A street musician playing.
Two boys on a balance beam holding a rope
A man doing tricks on a motorcycle
A girl is sunning herself with a purple towel over her face.
Woman in a black shirt sitting on a red bench.
A dog walks on a log across a small river.
A child in colorful shorts is standing on a post in the street.
A group of people stand under umbrellas.
A man on a moped is riding down the street.
Someone is at the water's edge with two dogs.
The peoples sitting in the chair
A view of a crowded city street.
A woman in a white shirt is holding a rope.
Two people in blue shirts using a megaphone.
A black dog springs up into a pool.
Cowboy at a rodeo riding a horse.
Men working on the railway lines.
A worker in an orange vest is using a shovel.
Two men with hard hats are talking.
Three people walking uphill
A bride and her bridesmaids are posing for a picture.
A guy sitting on a chair tunes his guitar.
Three young boys play outside.
Road workers paving a road.
Friends are going canoeing.
A group of children prepare to perform.
Teens doing there best at a jump photo.
Two men are paddling their small canoes through the water.
Two people painting a brick wall.
A girl in a red sweater sitting in an archway.
Two men pretend to be knights.
A GI relaxes and waits at an airport.
The adult cooks over the fire as the child looks on.
A man and a boy on a rocky beach.
A woman lowering ballast on a boat.
A boy looks over the city.
The girl loves her pink dress.
People are gathered in a park.
A young man is sitting in front of a drum.
The man is on his knees while reading to the two women.
Little girls in swimsuits are laughing
A small dog leaps a barrier.
A dog lies on the ground.
Two brown dogs wearing collars fighting.
A man in a white shirt is holding a flaming pot.
A man in costume is ringing a bell.
The man fishing while sitting on the cliff.
Dogs playing
Two men are discussing something.
A businessman looking out his door.
The children are getting off the bus.
Two woman wearing similar shirts walk to the left.
A young person is kayaking in blue water.
A child walks next to a woman down a park path.
Three people talking on a city street.
A girl is sitting with a boy on a chair.
A woman sitting with two men hugging.
Girl on roof of jeep being driven down road
A dog climbs a hill.
A boy with a winged bug perched on his nose.
A man holds a stick above a jumping dog.
A busy square somewhere in asia.
A greyhound racing.
Man with duffel bag sitting on a concrete curb.
A man and a woman sitting next to a black fence talking.
A kid is looking at coffee machines inside a store.
A man is drinking out of a yellow cup.
A boy is leaning on a car with flowers on the hood.
A family between a van and fence
A man on his wedding day.
Individuals are building a house.
Woman with a hat on climbing a cliff near a large body of water.
A dog jumps and catches a chew toy.
A skateboarder grinds a curb.
Child in the road have no clothes
Umbrellas and junk sitting in a messy room.
A band on stage with guitars and brass
A construction worker getting his moves on.
A man and two young children are fishing by a pond.
A man runs with his dog at a dog show.
Man doing a back flip into the ocean.
A Asian women does her hair
A woman and three children are in a room full of toys.
A dog jumping over a beam
A man is playing music with a trumpet.
A man with his feet up using a telephone.
Several children sitting on the floor in a metal building.
A boy plays in the sand.
Three dogs play together in the field.
People sitting in a circle outside a large building.
Two dogs jump for a ball on a green field.
A blond child swinging on a swing.
A man and two girls are talking and drinking wine.
A man preparing food on a grill.
A dog catching a Frisbee.
A band plays a concert for fans.
A child standing near a sand pyramid
Three little kids are playing on a yard.
A man is swinging a tool at his sculpture.
A man on a bicycle rides on a mountain.
A boy with blue and yellow rain boots runs on dirt.
People waiting at a bus stop.
Man skates along cement wall.
A young man is in practice.
A woman vending street food.
Two soccer teams are on the field.
A girl jumps in the air.
A goalie looks down-field.
People wearing sombreros drink shots happily.
A skateboarder grinds a red rail.
A child leaping toward a red bed.
Two people dressed as aliens encounter each other on a street.
Runner 3618 is racing down the street.
An Asian factory worker posing for the camera.
A man gives a thumbs up sign during his race.
Four men jumping in a basketball game
A University of Miami player holds a football.
A group of downhill skateboards going down a hill.
Everyone is getting ready to play the game.
A little girl is walking her bike a lawn.
Several children are all engaging in excersise
Small child is hanging out of a box on the sidewalk.
A brown dog runs in the sand.
Two men in army uniforms stand next to a woman.
Tibetan monks in dress crowd a temple.
A biker jumps an obstacle.
A woman is hugging a man's arm.
Young kids are on a small train ride.
A man in blue surfs in the ocean.
A boy jumps on another boy.
Two soccer players are going after the ball.
A street full of citizens holding umbrellas
A child holds its arm up and laughs.
Young boy playing with Legos.
A family is standing under a very large tree.
Three people with political signs.
A man walks in the city.
Two men wearing hats.
A boy in midair trying to kick a soccer ball
A child is wearing a blue knitted hat.
A man is sitting playing guitar.
Man eats while holding a baby
A room full of people with a black kid showing a piece of art.
Africans at an organized event.
A man gives a speech at an ornate costume party.
An event with young adults.
Two girls walk down across a parking lot.
A man uses stereo equipment.
A surfer riding under a wave.
A man serving and protecting.
A couple shares a kiss holding a bouquet.
Masked protester surrounded by the police.
A dog leaping over a hurdle.
Woman reading letters in great window light.
People leaning on a railing.
A man grips the underhang of a rock.
A man hanging out in a commercial kitchen.
Two men wearing black wife beater's playing the drums.
Three people are harvesting crops.
Three people are gathered for a picture.
Three kids play with silly string.
The chef is trying to debone a chicken.
People are protesting against coal.
A male airborne on a bicycle.
A young girl running on the beach.
White duck flapping its wings in the water.
People stand in a warehouse.
Mother tending to her child.
A hockey player guards the goal.
A man carrying a bag walks past an electronics sign.
Three boys climb on a slide
A dog tamer creates human jumping ring.
Wet blond dog running through water
Many people carry their drums.
Some kids play in a field.
Five people are playing classical musical.
A girl in a purple dress crying on the floor.
A man shaving his gray beard.
Four dogs stand in the snow.
The basketball player is number 21 from Miami.
A man in a pink shirt sitting next to a small building.
Kids are sitting on a man in a banana suit.
A small dog leaps over a stream.
People gathering near a fountain while it snows.
Old men stand on the street.
A dog is walking along a snowy surface.
A group of soccer players are playing soccer.
One large Caucasian woman is knitting at a table.
Four women in yellow dresses are performing a ballet.
A person is playing an unique instrument.
A girl in black runs a race.
The skier is on the snow.
A man and child working on a puzzle.
A film crew is filming a student in a classroom.
A girl is riding her bike at night.
A man is riding a bull in a rodeo.
The boy is jumping in the air.
Kids scale a wall as two other people watch.
A student walking across campus.
Kid practicing karate move
Two boys hanging off a tire dock.
Two men breakdancing, with a crowd looking on.
A lovely woman makes a point at a business meeting.
A lady is laying on a brown plaid couch.
Lady helping clean a "dirty" floor
A deer jumps a fence.
Three dogs playing on grass.
Two smiling kids walking on sand
A child is enjoying the ducks on a fall day.
Four people holding three dogs in a field.
Group of people standing in front of a stone structure.
A lady looks surprised.
Africans gather water at an outdoor tap.
A man standing on a city street.
Several birds flying in front of trees.
Two men are riding a large wagon pulled by a donkey.
A man stands on a mountaintop.
An Asian woman is making a snow angel.
Three men smiling and gesturing.
A man is describing stuff using chalk on a chalkboard.
A businessman giving a powerpoint presentation.
Four people are sitting at the top of a hill.
A skateboarder doing a jump on train tracks.
A man playing tennis.
Two dogs, one with mouth open.
The boy is outside enjoying a summer day.
A man working on a machine.
A cowboy Roping a calf in a rodeo.
Two dogs on the beach.
An employee takes a break from working to have a drink
The dog is holding a yellow toy.
Two ice hockey players
A man controls a large equipment board.
A horse and dog look at each other in a field.
He is smoking looking at the person.
Two guys and a girl smiling.
A young girl plays as a woman talks on phone.
A dog getting a ball in the snow
The little girl is kissing the brown cat.
Children playing on a playground.
A male tennis player holding his tennis racket.
A boy in a red suit plays in the water.
A child outside with snow.
Men with hats on stand outside of a white tent.
Two men chilling by a campsite.
Two old men having a conversation.
A smiling woman holding a smiling child.
A black and white dog is playing with a white ball.
A high class woman kissing a man.
A woman plays volleyball.
Two boxers playfully snap at each other.
A brown dog jumping over a hurdle.
A man smoking a cigarette in front of a horizontal garage.
A little girl is holding a little boy on her lap.
A man is about to fall onto the ground while he rodeos.
Children are playing tug-of-war.
A blurred picture on a bicyclist.
Two people and a leashed cow at a home.
A man helps a boy ride a bike.
A child is sweeping outside of a building.
A family in the desert.
A man playing an instrument next to a tree.
Two women are sitting at a table.
A brown dog in running on grass.
Two girls playing in a game of softball.
A woman is holding a large check for Kids Food Basket.
Two dogs playing with a ball.
Two adults and two children sit on a park bench.
A woman blowing on a dandelion.
A man sells potatoes to a group of people.
A guy playing an accordion with people listening and watching.
A man sits on a bench listing to his iPod
A grumpy old man reads a newspaper on public transit.
A butcher is cutting some meat.
A man in a red outfit balances on a bike.
Man building a sand castle.
Several people are eating lots of food.
Two women are strapped to a tree in some type of construction job.
A horse bucks it's rider at a rodeo.
A tan dog is jumping through a fire hoop
Large woman in pink shirt putting on red lipstick.
Dad is adjusting daughter's bike.
The girls dance to the street musicians
A tan dog holding a stick in his mouth.
A person outlined by the sun
A rock concert is taking place.
Three women in colorful costumes holding I love you signs.
A brown dog digs in the sand.
A young boy is holding a tennis racket.
The two dogs are running into the woods.
A child splashes in water.
A sumo wrestler accepting an award.
Two gentlemen outside beside a log.
Three men tackle someone from the opposite team.
Two boys playing ball in the street.
Two people play outdoors.
A white dog is walking on a rocky hillside.
A skateboarder riding inside a swimming pool.
A man performs on the keyboard.
Three men accepting an award.
Two bald people in red clothes
A boy is playing on a clothing rack.
A young girl playing on a blue playground.
A man in green jumps serveral motorbikes on his own motorbike.
A woman and three children.
Some boys playing soccer in the sand
Two girls hugging.
Two medium sized dogs run across the snow.
A woman holding a white dog points at a brown dog in the grass.
A man in straw hat is looking at pictures on a table.
Two older people drinking coffee outside.
Two guys in leather, standing in a crowd.
A child laying on the floor.
A couple smiling while sitting.
Two women in a mudfight.
A guy in a white shirt is walking with a drink in his hand.
Two children are walking by a pond
Several people sit at a table in formal clothing.
Two women one in blue the other in pink rollerskating.
The four people sit on a pile of rocks.
Dirt bikers riding off a jump.
A person biking near trees.
Man in a green shirt holding his shoes walking on the sand.
Pit crew working on a race car.
Two men under the body of a drag car.
Three girls jump into a pool.
A man jumping onto a platform.
A woman in a striped outfit on a bike.
A woman dressed in black.
A man making a canvas shade.
Four men sit on a church's steps.
A building is getting demolished.
An gymnast is working the bar.
An old woman selling fresh spices.
Two men are busy working.
A woman is helping a child build using toys.
A little girl is sleeping with a book.
A woman in a blue shirt in the wild.
Man in black walking up a sidewalk.
A woman wearing a hat with making bread.
A black woman works in a field.
A man practices a martial arts pose.
Person standing with a cart on wheels in front of a brick building.
An older man in a flannel shirt, sitting down.
A woman in a white blouse is working in a restaurant.
The electrical worker in the back of his work truck.
2 kids talk to the horses.
Guy in Art Deco Glass Home.
Two women having a conversation in a city area.
A cowboy wrapping up his arm with a bandage.
Two men converse along the sidewalk.
Three young girls in arts and crafts room.
A girl in a red shirt is playing tennis.
A man standing in a green box.
Man cheering a friend with beers.
A man is loading a box truck with lots of baked pretzels.
A man in a black jacket playing the guitar.
A dance group performs in a parade in china.
A man stands alone on the rocks.
A police officer standing on a train.
Two policemen standing in a parking lot.
Two fans are cheering at a sporting event.
A crowd of guards standing on a sidewalk.
Woman doing yoga on a beach.
Crowd gathered in city park.
A man is making balloon animals outside.
Two men are cooking meat on the grill.
Merchants and customers at a market.
A woman in a bikini pours a drink for a man.
Kid in sunglasses running
Man hitting a nail into a tree log.
A man is sitting down with black gloves on his hands.
Two men are sitting on white chairs.
A young girl in a red dress is wearing a black cowboy hat.
A soccer match being played.
A man doing tricks in the snow.
Several people watching a race.
People on laptops in front pf a large window.
A dj playing music in a club.
A man harvests a field of fresh corn.
Slanted aerial view of a cafeteria.
A group of people attending an event.
A cat looking after the rabbits in a cage.
A woman sits alone against a brick wall
Three girls talking in a lobby.
Little town and its people on the streets.
Children sitting and writing.
A dog is playing in water on a beach.
Three dogs affectionately playing
Young boy on a motorcycle smiling.
A happy family at thanksgiving.
Man in Santa suit socializes at holiday event.
Protesters holding a petition in the rain.
A man in red pants is carrying groceries on a motorcycle.
Karate is not for the light-hearted!
Battling between the sexes, who will win.
A man in uniform is walking by a car.
Girl climbing rock wall
A man in a green jacket working on a car.
Business ideas are scattered about a table in a meeting.
A young man in glasses sings and plays guitar.
People in a restaurant waiting.
Two girls running along the shore.
Workers talk near train tracks.
Man stands on city street beneath pine tree.
Children play on a jungle gym.
A girl straddles a bike rack on a city street.
An elderly woman cutting fruit at a market.
A guy in a yellow hat talking into a microphone.
A dog in a field with a Frisbee.
Karate kick in the desert
Two women share a laugh in the city.
A child looks bewildered as he lies next to his red sled.
Woman sitting in the grass with many dogs around her.
Various actors perform on a heart shaped stage.
A woman is processing plant fluid in a tribal village
A man and a woman in a very intimate dance.
Three dogs race towards the viewer over a lawn.
A bearded man wearing a denim jacket sits on a bench.
A group of men, women and children are standing around.
A small girl is brushing a goat
A crowd eats in a restaurant.
A toddler eats a cookie with both hands.
Man in long-sleeve shirt mows his lawn.
An exhibit of artistic black and white photos.
A female child is on the shoulders of parent.
A man in blue watches a family walk by while sitting in the snow.
A cat sits upon a business sign.
A young man on the street listening to headphones.
A brunette man playing rugby.
A couple is walking in a building.
A woman poses with a smile with two pink puppies at her hand.
A Businessman walks away from a bus with a cup of coffee.
A man in an orange hat jumping.
A woman twirling multicolored ribbons
Lady out with a elder person in wheelchair, in the sun.
A man is cooking outdoors with a female watching.
A lady standing at a crosswalk.
People walking down A European Street.
A road next to an interesting place with lots of pillars.
A large green metal ball is in a plaza.
Man carrying a few cases of beer.
A street musician is playing the accordion.
A woman is wearing a green, red, and white shirt.
A young girl is running across the beach to get to the water.
A young man is skateboarding down the side of a road.
A man in a blue jacket is taking a picture of a church.
An audience at a soccer game.
2 women and 2 girls crossing the road
A group of people walk along a sidewalk.
A man in a brown coat rubs his nose.
Some plants are growing near the window.
Baseball player in black and gray uniform swinging at ball.
A woman in a gold jacket waiting in the subway.
People are sitting on benches in a plaza.
One man sitting at a bus stop.
A man is smiling and holding a sign.
A woman holding a cookie and coffee
A man on the street playing a guitar.
An older woman on the computer
A man inhaling smoke from a smoke-pot
A man looking in the mirror fixing his tie.
A string quartet dazzles their audience.
Two men on a produce cart driven by a horse.
A blond woman walking in heels.
A guy ready to make a purchase at a small shop.
A man hauling dirt and sand in a backhoe.
A black and white cat looking at a baby.
A woman carrying a guitar is walking.
A man wearing a backpack is walking down the street.
Two friends meet up at a shop.
A girl posing in the kitchen.
A group of people gather on a outdoor patio.
A man riding his bike up the ramp.
A tattooed blond woman is holding a purse.
Three girls wearing jackets running outside.
Woman in black graduation gown with red flower.
A kid riding a skateboard.
Man standing by 9-11 poster
A black man and white woman sing together.
Child with curly hair laying in a field holding a dandelion.
Young girls wearing green jerseys and black shorts stretch their legs.
A man and woman are embracing behind caution tape.
A man is cleaning out a small temple.
Old people are playing bocce ball.
A busy day for citizens at a local city court.
A man in a gray wife beater grilling.
Two groups of swimmers wade out.
A group of people and a headless, legless mannequin are in a park.
Several workers wearing hard hats dig a hole.
A man wearing long, black shorts stands in front of a body of water.
Men in uniform are standing on a street.
Three people playing pool and one is thinking of his next shot.
Several pedestrians in front of a fountain.
A guy and a girl having a conversation.
Tourists enjoying mother nature.
Two monks are visiting a big city.
Blond woman hanging over the edge.
A woman and a man at a crosswalk in nyc.
Firemen emerge from a subway station.
Four men sit on the found in front of a church or synagogue.
People are sitting at tables.
A man in a red shirt walking down a city street.
Two doctors perform an operation.
Man smoking, while inspecting his camera.
Four people playing instruments on a public place.
Two people, dressed in red, dancing.
Couple watching the moon on a bridge.
A BMX racer is riding his bike in full gear, with another racer in the background.
A bunch of people in orange shirts at an event.
Two people are running along side a building.
2 men going up a mountainside.
A child in a harness laying on the sidewalk.
A dog begging to a man and a woman.
People are shopping for fish at a market.
Two guys playing the guitar
Two guys drinking beer outside on a bench.
Two people are looking at an inflatable climbing wall.
Bicyclers riding over a bridge on a sunny day
Woman in a pink shirt and wearing glasses.
Someone looking at a mass of people in the street.
A boy in white shorts is jumping into a lake or river.
A girl looking through binoculars.
A man working in the ground in the dirt looking away.
A man is attempting to cross the street.
Protesters joining on a city street.
Cowboys are riding on horses in a dirt field.
A guy with a red shirt walking.
Two nuns stand on the street.
A woman with neon headphones writes in a notebook.
Young woman in market talking on cellphone.
A young boy giving his brother a piggyback ride
People sit in an Asian restaurant.
A street vendor in Asia tries to bring in more customers.
A teen with a purse squats on a curb.
A black and a yellow dog
A man packs up his toy airplane.
A man is watching something in the sky.
Picture of a train and people in a subway.
A boy in a red shirt walking with American flags.
A black dog is running outside with a toy in its mouth.
Man in black shirt waiting with luggage.
A yellow dog anticipates a ball.
The kids are listening to their teacher.
Road construction arrows are pointing left.
A man rides his bike on the boardwalk.
People on a miniature train.
A guy and a girl are dressed for summer.
A blue boat sitting on a dock.
A tourist photographing tall buildings.
A man in a blue plaid shirt looking up.
Two women are walking on a footpath.
A band prepares as they stand on a platform.
Two boys lifting a dirt bike.
Three hikers a traversing a trail as a young lady inspects her camera.
Many Asian people waiting at a train stop.
A brick wall has colorful graffiti on it.
Rhythmic gymnasts are new to the competitive olympics.
People are sitting around and playing in a fountain.
A man is sitting by the sidewalk.
Old men in striped shirts holding flags
People are admiring a work of art.
People walking around in a mall.
People walking up a narrow set of wooden stairs.
A little boy playing with a red ball near the forrest.
People are busy shopping at a grocery store.
An elderly man playing a drum.
A boy stands with three girls.
A group of tourists is excited.
Four men leaning over a green fence and smiling.
A young women sunbathes at the sea.
The two dogs are outside.
Pedestrians walk by outside a cafe.
A black man exercising his religious freedom.
Police motorcycle waiting at a red light.
A group of Asian men are playing a game.
People stand outside behind a railing.
Two women, one walking her dog the other pushing a stroller.
Teenager standing up with a headband on
Two people are riding a motorcycle along with many other riders.
Two girls wearing an army uniform.
Three girls smiling for the camera.
Three people are sitting on a wooden bench.
A blond man is drinking from a public fountain.
Two men and a woman walking together.
An older man holding a newborn baby.
Young boy in red hat riding a horse.
Two kids playing with toys
Little girl standing in sand at the beach.
An old man is sitting alone on a couch and sleeping.
The children are looking upward while waving their arms.
A man and woman sitting on the sidewalk.
A girl is holding up the peace sign.
Three men sit outside of a cafe.
A man is upside down in the air.
A man is walking near a very colorful wall.
Two young people walk down a sidewalk in jackets.
A craftsperson making metal objects.
People climbing up stairs with graffiti behind them.
A group of people at an outdoor fruit market
Children are eating food at a table.
Girl with shaved head walks on path beside building.
Three people sitting in a large bike basket.
A man in a teal shirt reads a newspaper.
A picture of two little boys holding books.
Two kids sitting at a table eating.
Many people outside on bicycles.
Whole Foods hosts a "City Picnic."
A man is being pulled by a donkey.
A man on a bike in the city area.
A boy is sitting down while smoking.
Two men in black holding an umbrella in the street.
Old man riding a bike down the street.
A man on a horse lassos a cow.
Cowboy preparing to lasso.
Two person are riding their bicycles.
A man is stooping in front of a billboard.
A man in a motor cart rides by to witness the park area.
A tattooed woman taking a picture with a digital camera.
A man turning to have his picture taken, as his 3 friends continue walking away
A couple looking at a map.
An Asian woman is talking on the phone outside of a hospital.
White bench looking out onto the ocean with dog.
Tourists walk among the grounds near a historic site.
A child stands outside with a crowd of adults in white.
A woman wearing all black looking at something.
Seniors gathered around a table.
A mural on the side of a building.
A man in an apron holding a bowl.
A woman in a white shirt working on her laptop.
Male working on a computer under surveillance.
Man playing guitar on the street
These two workers are working in the green field.
A woman midair vaulting over a bar.
A man is astride a rearing horse in an arena full of spectators.
Two cute little girls enjoying corn on the cob.
The boys wearing the purple uniforms tackled number 25.
The smiling baby is being held by a smiling adult.
Two men looking at a computer.
The boy and woman are working.
A child looking through a telescope.
3 men cooking in a small kitchen.
A little girl in pink is skiing.
Spectators are watching two women dance.
This is people doing laundry.
A girl sitting on a chair backwards.
Men spot welding on a the sidewalk of a city street.
A long-haired young man skateboarding on the rails on a cloudy day.
Workers are removing ice from a walkway.
A man in a dimly lit room playing a guitar.
A girl shows her camera to other girls.
A boy jump kicks off a dock into a lake.
A woman with glasses is undergoing a dental procedure.
A man in an orange jacket is snowboarding.
A naked little girl plays in a mud puddle.
A child is riding a bike down an alleyway with graffiti in it.
A female gymnast performing a jump.
People on a street going about their business.
Older man stands by his donkey.
Two children are playing on a bicycle.
Two soccer players in long sleeves
A man posing for the camera on steps.
A girl drinking from a water fountain.
A man in a helmet treads water.
A man in a lab coat looks through a microscope.
A blond girl sleeps on a brown couch.
A man in a red shirt sweeping the sidewalk.
Three men are cooking in a kitchen.
A smiling man is holding a tool.
Two little girls holding hands on a beach.
Young children playing with paper.
A group of kids playing on bicycles on a trial.
A young boy wearing a chef's hat and apron is slicing sausage.
This is a clown at an elementary school.
A boat captain steering a large green wheel.
A wheel loader picking up some dirt.
A person in a red shirt and black pants is riding a white horse.
A woman reclines on top of a large rock with green trees in the background.
Three men are wearing strange costumes.
A girl plays in a small pool.
A boy and a girl swinging in a park shaded by trees.
Man in silhouette casts net into water.
A man in a vest works outside.
Men installing beams for a tall structure.
Four musicians perform on stage at a large concert venue.
Punk rocker playing the drums and singing.
Tattooed couple in green at the grocery checkout.
The man with the cane is on a walk.
A woman exercises on an elliptical machine.
A bald man holds his daughter up on his shoulders.
Two dancers practicing together.
Several people dancing outside a building.
A man walks down the alley talking on his cellphone.
An adult performing a finger puppet show with a young child in a costume.
A crowd of people are watch two guys play buckets.
Young girl rollerblading with safety gear.
A blue train collides with a small car on the tracks.
Two blond men rocking out on a dark stage.
Person in white shirt and blue shorts in the water next to a big rock.
Band doing a concert for people
A group of people dancing.
Woman in white dress selling items on the stairs.
Politicians are talking to each other.
A row of bikers wearing red and black.
A man is kicking a soccer ball.
A man is selling snacks at a sporting event.
2 teams of men playing football.
Group of children playing soccer.
A girl bowling at a bowling alley.
Three boys are playing soccer.
Boy sits on his skateboard on the elevators.
Runner named Kim, running in the street.
A choir of youths are singing.
# 8 for Iowa State stiff arms a Texas AM player attempting to tackle him.
Two men are learning to how to play curling.
Men play soccer on a muddy field.
The two college basketball teams are playing a game.
Men and women are walking in the street.
Two race cars burn rubber as spectators watch.
A football player wearing white and green has a football.
Finishing a summer time treat, a popsicle.
A woman and child are walking.
Hockey match between a white and red team.
A race between friends at the park.
A young black boy is playing tennis.
The young lady is giving the old man a hug.
A man is giving some kind of magic presentation to a family.
Tired little boy lays down on a display bed at a store.
A man relaxing after riding his bike.
A smiling lady is skiing in extremely cold weather.
There are five people working at a table.
A man at a rodeo who may have fell off the horse.
Three people drinking and having a good time.
Teen female enjoys going swimming.
Two children sitting with a black puppy.
A karate instructor observes his students.
Laying on a couch in Ikea
Students work together in groups.
Two jockeys on horses are racing down a track.
The red car is ahead of the two cars in the background.
The bulls wins, but not before it is stopped in its tracks.
Man prepares to take a kayak ride.
One boy at the shooting range.
Young men playing football.
Two kids are standing next to a small pond.
A woman draws a floral design on a clay pot.
African marketplace on a hot summer day.
A man throws a pitch during a baseball game.
Two males playing volleyball on the beach.
A man is standing in a boat holding some netting.
Only feet are visible above the water.
A technician preparing a sample in the lab.
Two football players, jumping in attempt to win a header.
Two boys play soccer against each other.
Old lady crossing street with an umbrella.
Many people run in a marathon through a city.
A long-haired male skateboarding.
People playing a game in the pool.
Two gay men in a room kissing.
A father showing his son something on paper.
Man, skateboarding
A person sitting on train tracks is selling food.
A British military man is raising his hat.
Two cars are on a racetrack.
A smiling athlete in a black and red helmet holding ski poles.
A boy lays on top of a girl in a field.
A young boy is eating an apple.
Four young football players in mid play.
At a rock concert a man dressed in black and white pants and a checked hat plays his red guitar while another man sings.
A man jumping away from a bull.
A tennis player strikes the ball.
A man is playing an interment in a concert
A man carrying steel beams across a lumberyard.
A woman is throwing a red Frisbee toward a brown dog.
A silhouette of a man and woman stand in front of a wall of fire.
Two girls dipping their hands in a fountain as people walk by.
A bare chested smiling child plays in water.
Two young men wrestling competitively.
A volleyball player hitting a ball on the beach.
A cat bites a human's nose.
Lady in a red shirt cooking.
Kids playing on a rock looking at mud.
Two women riding on a vespa, sadly only one is enjoying herself.
People get their slushies.
A man is riding a bike on a steep tilt.
Girl with tattoos looking a painting.
A woman in a cycling jersey rides a bicycle.
Four bicyclists in turquoise and striped tops are riding in a competition.
Young men playing football.
The ball carrier is being tackled by a group of opposing players.
The basketball player tries to block an opposing player.
Have a quick chat and smoke break.
A player swings at a ball.
A dirt biker riding on a familiar trail.
Two young men, one in a white jersey and one in a red jersey, playing basketball.
A boy grabs his leg as he jumps in the air.
Two young boys play together at a park.
A man with sunglasses rides a scooter.
A young boy about to hit a baseball off of the tee.
Pickers working out on a farm.
A puppy has a stick in its mouth.
This is a man dressed in yellow holding the reign of a brown horse
The chef is preparing a meal.
An Asian woman is cooking in an outdoor kitchen.
Runners in a race run down a busy street
A Asian woman riding a bike.
A child is watching his friend by the tree.
Man playing slots in a casino.
A child playing in the ocean.
A sleek yellow dog mid run on a dirt area on an obstacle course
A black and white photo of a dog staring ahead with a background of signs written in asian language characters.
An aerial landscape photo of browning grasses and a castle-like structure peaking through and a mountain landscape in the horizon.
A bare-chested man belts out a song during a stage performance.
A slim Asian man in a long white apron and blue hat stringing pasta in a restaurant kitchen.
A man and a woman walking in the city
A waterfall in a forest with many trees
A bee hovering over purple and orange flowers.
A calm lake surrounded by trees and rocks.
Two people on a football field one on the ground.
A young man performs an aerial stunt on a skateboard.
Two dogs running along the beach
A dog is running beside a body of water.
A cyclist is wearing a helmet
A man wearing a black hat is shooting a rifle outside.
A small child outside with autumn leaves blowing around her face.
A bright red boat on perfectly calm blue water.
A wooden walkway leading up a grassy slope under a blue sky.
A bike race is taking place with spectators watching.
A four wheeled wooden cart parked on a a wooden platform.
Customers are standing outside of a convenience store.
A woman poses on a rocky beach as her friend takes a photo.
A man and two girls playing on the shore of the beach
A little girl playing with her toys in the sand
A man in pinstripe pants is performing a concert.
Two people laying on the sidewalk in front of a wall of graffiti.
A body of water with sunshine breaking through clouds.
A plane with a banner flying above a beach with people on the sand and in the water.
A white small jet taking off with water to the side.
A young girl poses fiercely while using exercise equipment.
Privately owned poster and restaurant poster
Pines, and some background mountains with snow
A women bending over with a kissing expression at a black primate creature while standing on a harwood floor.
Two young girls standing along a street outside watching something.
Shop made of wood with flowers ornaments in the entrance
A man standing on stones is fishing.
Runner is taking a jog on a narrow road.
Two women are water rafting.
Cyclist on a road with snow covering the surrounding flat landscape and a mountain range in the far background.
A teakettle and a tall teapot over an open fire.
A person in a jet cockpit looking to the side and wearing flight helmet.
Old woman in a fruit stand
Man walking around town and some water
A pink flower is starting to bloom.
A stone statue above a clock with a large building in the background.
Group of young people waiting for the soccer ball to fall
An old washing machine on the street
People on a crowded sidewalk with houses alongside them and the American flags are displayed.
A white truck transport trailer with one end crumpled and the word "NOTHING LEF NOTHING RIGHT" scrawled on it side on a dirt ground.
A woman is walking through the woods.
A dog is running on a beach.
Two cyclists at full speed down the street
A young boy banging on a large drum with other children nearby.
A young boy with frosting on his face grins through missing front teeth.
Grass umbrellas and lounge chairs along a beach with mountains in the background.
A man sitting on a sidewalk bench with a car to the side along the curb.
Two surfers are paddling while a third surfer is riding a wave.
Arch monument in a city in the day
A woman is being handed a drink on the beach.
Group of people waiting for the subway
A mountain range on a cloudy day.
Flying birds fighting in the sky
A sidewalk path lined with palm trees on one side and a beach sand on the other.
An antique green parked in a desert landscape.
A rock formation is rising upward in a desert area.
A body of water edged by grass and trees under a blue and clouded sky.
A black dog lying on his back on the grass.
Chain of mountains and a bridge over the river
A little girl climbing metal rope cables wearing a long pink skirt and black t-shirt.
Girls are playing a basketball game as the ball goes through the hoop.
Two male soccer players from opposing teams competing for a header.
A line of trees in front of a building with glass windows.
Three men bathing in water
Group of people making a human tower
A young woman sitting next to a wall full of beautiful flowers
Men are rolling bales of hay while other men are running on top of them.
Hockey players on the ice actively playing in a rink.
A ballerina in blue twirls.
Numerous buildings are standing behind an area of sand.
People in rafts watch as two men fall out of their own rafts.
A surfer rides a big wave.
A person is skiing or snowboarding down a mountainside.
A man gets on a street car.
A guy is skateboarding while someone else videotapes.
A dog coming out of a pool with a ball in his mouth
A person is leaping between two buildings.
A green frog with big eyes on a branch with green leaves.
A man with a cap and a stuffed monkey
Bridge in the middle of a forest.
High mountain tops silhouetted against a brilliant orange sky.
A man performs a jumping stunt on a motorcycle as onlookers watch.
Two women jumping on the shore of a beach
Two people in Kayaks on the water.
A man skating at night in the city
A blue electric public transportation bus.
A plane with smoke trailing its ascent in front of a snow covered mountain.
A bush with dew drops on spider web.
A person riding a bicycle on the grass wearing a helmet.
An old man talking on the phone sitting on a bench
A train is moving on tracks next to some snow.
A young woman performing tricks standing on the back of two horses.
White woman checking her cell phone in a parking lot with a shopping cart
A row of colorful park benches on a sidewalk.
Game of volleyball on the indoor court
Several people at an outdoor festival with food vendors nearby.
A woman and a dog are running on a grassy field.
Several people crossing a wooden foot bridge over sand dunes.
Two horses one black and one brown and one gentleman caressing them
A body of blue and green water with small boats dotting the scene.
Woman in a wedding dress on the stairs.
A serene lake surrounded by mountains and autumn colored trees.
A stone bridge across a river in a beautiful city.
There is a black car on a race track.
A rocky path, a lake, and a mountain.
A girl sleds down in an orange saucer.
A dog with matted fur wades through high water.
A man walks up a gently curving staircase.
Three women, walking or standing near a wall, outside.
A lady with several drinks options
A policeman and two citizens walking down a street
One man and two dogs camping
An American flag waves on top of a Gothic style building under bright blue sky.
Four swans swimming in a lake
A woman in red is ice skating among others.
Girls on a court playing volleyball
A little boy is looking out of a shop window.
Workers dyeing cloth in large wells.
A group of people running into a body of water.
Group of musicians playing in the street
A woman standing in a very narrow alley takes a selfie.
Reflections from street lamps glow on a calm lake.
A stone bridge over a road lined with autumn trees.
People smoking, walking, and shopping, on a paved pedestrian street.
A woman is holding a microphone to a dog sitting on a diving board with another woman sitting behind.
A young man wearing a green t-shirt with his dog.
Two teenagers on a soccer match fighting to get to the ball first
A person is driving a black car.
A woman and her dog under a sculpture of a giant magnifying glass
A girl jumping high during a volleyball match.
A pair of deer in the woods
A jockey wearing yellow and purple colors sitting upon a horse.
A man with a wagon selling things
A small bird trying to get to a bird feeder through green mesh fencing.
A little girl on a swing with a person with the arms outstretched in front of her.
Four men on a running track, three with red shirts and one wearing white.
A person in a sleeping bag on a sidewalk surrounded by people wandering about.
A person walking down a sidewalk with a caution sign.
A man in a swim cap and a woman reading a newspaper sit on colorful beach loungers.
Women in pajamas run from a person dressed up as a Christmas tree on a stage.
Woman and man dancing with cans in hand
A dog playing fetch in the water, holding an orange ball in his mouth.
The man is coming up from underground.
A man dressed in white talking to a girl
A cowgirl performs a tight turn on her horse.
Silhouette of a sailboat on calm water under a golden sunset.
A duck on the bank of a river
Three girls with paper cups engage in conversation.
A young woman texting on her phone while walking.
Birds are congregrating around a birdhouse.
White jet taking off from the runway
A man eats from a bowl using his hands and chopsticks.
A snowy foot bridge over a small river with evergreens and hills in the background.
A firefighter drags a hose over his shoulder.
A banana tree and a green fence
Two people coming out of a dark hallway
Group of athletes in a cycling competition
A group of people crossing a bridge
A snake wrapped around a branch.
A boy with a dirty face smiles.
A person sliding a blue stair railing outside on their skateboard.
A young boy catching a jump on his scooter.
A man is sitting on a rock overlooking a river.
Two people walking on the beach
A white horse between a grassylike flowering plant and red rocks.
A gorgeous sunset over the water with mountains in the background.
A fishing net on the deck of a red boat
An airplane is flying in the sky.
Upshot from below the subject focusing on his shoe.
A lake and chimneys of a factory
A boy is trying to make a backwards basketball shot.
A lake surrounded by evergreens at sunset.
A dog is playing with two balls on a lawn.
A building's brick facade with a tree covered hill in the background.
A sowing of grapes and mountains, red earth
Dancer jumping on the dance floor with purple dress
Little girl washing her feet on the beach
A winding road through an evergreen forest high in the mountains.
Two people on an incline carrying cameras.
Group of cyclists in a competition
A woman is reaching into the hatchback of her car where a dog is sitting.
A white cat is standing on the ledge of an open dumpster in a covered alleyway.
Woman and child in the middle of the square
A cute puppy playing with a red ball in the snow.
BMX rider finishes the race in front.
A young blonde man in a red rugby uniform with a white and blue rugby ball in his right hand runs from the other opponents in white and red uniforms.
A dog chews on a plastic container while lying on the grass.
White columns and arches in a dark room.
Women are playing lacrosse with an orange ball.
White and yellow flower with small bee.
A man with his bicycle selling his products on a street
Two men in uniforms are playing football in the snow.
People dressed as cowboys and Indians are putting on a play.
A blond boy holding a man's hand.
A vulture spreads it's wings.
Buildings at night that shine with the different colors of the lights
Two teams of girls are playing soccer.
Children are dressed up in costumes and face paint at a festival.
A man in a red and black uniform is being held up by a teammate as he tries to catch the ball while several other teammates try to assist them.
A street has painted designs on it.
Person casts a long shadow across a paved sidewalk.
A volleyball player jumping to hit the ball.
A lone woman standing on the parking deck of a car ferry.
A man, his horse and his best friend, his dog.
A white race car with the number 15 on a track.
A tall black and brown building rises above the lower crowded buildings around it.
Two men one in white and the other in black are playing soccer.
A young girl in a black short sleeved shirt and a long pink skirt has a long, thin bamboo stick in her hand and looks down at the moist, pebbled soil near a large lake.
A rainbow rises in a dark clouded sky.
By standers watch as the cyclists race by.
A picnic site with a small fire pit takes the foreground in a scenic shot of a lake and mountains.
A pair of feet with socks on are by a fire in a barrel.
The goth guitarist is preforming at a concert.
The basketball player dives the keep the ball from the other team.
A young couple watching something on a tablet in the middle of the night at the edge of a beach
People in red and purple outfits bang on drums.
A wood fence surrounding a snow covered field.
People are rafting down a fast stream in a blue rubber raft.
Girls with painted faces carry chairs.
A shallow river with autumn colored trees on either side.
A woman walking down a street lined with cars in the dark.
A person is high above the grass doing a trick jump on his bike.
Little girl carrying a bucket of toys.
A guy gets pushed off the pier into a lake.
Two people walking on a cobbled path surrounded by shrubbery with a body of water and mountain range in the background.
A woman in a tank top poses with her dog in front of a guardrail.
A woman squats to take a photograph in an art gallery.
Car passing through a stream of clear water
A dog is herding a couple of cows into a pen.
A group of people stand on a road.
Body of water with rocky mountain and trees.
Two wooden walkways intersect on the beach.
A man sitting on a curb with his dog.
A person wearing red pants is skiing down a hillside.
A water canal with a green bank of grass.
A red chair sits by a trash can at a camping spot in the woods.
A log fence is surrounded by overgrown grass with large trees in the distance.
A bee is landing on a pink rose.
The clouds massively build up over a city.
Child asleep and clothed with a sheet
A woman walks along the foam of the ocean on a moon lit night.
A man in a blue and white baseball uniform is standing on the pitcher's mound throwing the ball.
Group of dancers on a blue stage
Three people, each on a mobile device, standing outside in front of a metal door.
Old dirty signal that clearly explains that in that place you have to park diagonally
Two children play in the back of a truck
A lake or river with large hills and cliffs in the background.
Woman on a sidewalk along a busy street looking to the side.
A couple with a child walk towards a large rock in the water.
A snowboarder is going down a mountain.
A lady wearing pink is surrounded by a tree with pink flowers.
A woman in a black bikini and black bowtie walking through the water with people in survival gear beside her.
Two boys and two girls are rubbing their hands together.
A police officer training a black police dog.
A green plant is growing in a gray cement boot.
A graffiti covered wall depicting astronauts flying a magic carpet.
White and blue mini coup racecar on gravel road.
The sun glares as a man rides his bike.
Person skiing, going down a mountain towards the forest
A man in a red uniform tackles another man in a blue uniform while playing sports.
Two horses stand by each other.
Plane flying low on what looks like a car show
Fireworks in the night sky.
An older woman in a bikini is sunbathing on a rock by the ocean.
Three people walk through an empty parking lot of a city.
Several desert trees are featured at sunset.
The side of a building has been tagged with graffiti of a young boy wearing a crown.
A lone man gazing upwards from the beach.
Two cricket players from opposing teams, in action.
The street outside of a cafe with people eating at tables.
Man on the subway reads the paper.
A brown and white dog looking through a fence
A man holding a can and a man on a traffic pole are outside in the night.
Stone stairway to a faded wooden gate.
A large white ferris wheel beside a tan stone building with a group of men standing in front of it
A pair of women are sitting next to a river as men fish in the background.
A black sports car with a go pro goes through a closed course with orange cones.
A brown dog running through the snow with a red and gray partially deflated ball in his mouth.
Two dogs playfully chasing each other over a ball.
The baseball player takes a big swing.
Two women are in front of a glass building.
A woman in a red outfit races down the street.
A woman is walking along the water on the beach.
Children and adults with yellow vests
Man doing trick on bicycle.
An older woman sitting on a stool by a building.
A log cabin is surrounded by trees and bushes.
A mountain climber trecking through the snow with a pick and a blue hat.
A woman walks along the shore on the beach.
The tennis player watches the ball after he hits it.
The duck flaps its wings on the wet rocks by the water.
A rocky shore of a river that runs along the city buildings opposite the park.
People wearing red and white clothing on a cobblestone walkway,, some lying down, other crouching with spectators watching.
People dressed in different costumes gather outside.
Cyclists racing on a paved street.
The horse rider is coming down the path through the woods.
Three woman are playing lacrosse.
A large rocky and grassy clif is near a shoreline where a person in a blue jacket and dark bottoms stands.
A little girl is walking up some stairs.
A speedboat with wooden planks along the top going through the water with a family of 4 inside.
Fireworks at a live concert
Riders spur their horses on to win the race.
A young man wearing a red and gold baseball jersey and a red baseball cap is about to throw a baseball.
A football team with white and red jerseys has just scored against a team wearing blue and white jerseys so they are celebrating but it appears that a member from the blue and white team has been hurt in the background
A large, shallow, greenish-blue lake is surrounded tall, thin, conic, green trees with a grey mountain range in the distance.
The basketball player from Southern Oregon takes a shot.
A woman in mid jump over a pole vault.
Two young girls,, one on small bike, other on small tricycle, on sandy area.
A person is standing under a large white rock on a white walkway that has a few palm trees featured in the background.
A man paints intricate designs on large pots.
People watch as two women climb a pole.
Two men performing bicycle tricks on blocks.
A man with a beard, striped shirt, and blue jeans is playing with his tan colored bulldog outside in the fall
Dog waits for the person to throw the frisbee
Goalie tries to block opponents shot.
Umbrella stall with man standing on cobblestone sidewalk.
The upward view between three tall buildings at dusk.
The trunk is open on a light blue car.
A women's volleyball game with many spectators
A person is pushing on a wooden structure on top of a hill while another person sits on the other side of that structure.
A cyclist on a winding road in a mountain range area.
Three deer are grazing in the grass next to an apartment building.
A dusk view of the sky from behind a sign that reads Boston.
Windows look out onto a landscaped courtyard.
A blue car is driving along a curvy wet road.
A person is wearing a furry purple costume with two beast heads attached.
People are walking in front of a Greek style building.
A young dancer with a pink tank top is posing with a green ball.
A black dog sits under a blue umbrella.
Ornament structures in a square
An older person walking down a street that has a large artistic mural
The boy smiles for a bathroom picture with black graffiti on the wall.
A couple watches events standing in a crowd.
A brown dog and a black dog are jumping off a stone ledge into some water.
The snowboarder is jumping in the snow.
A man sits on a bench in an art gallery.
Clouds cover a vast landscape of plateaus and mountains.
Dog lying next to a lady asleep in bed
A man with balloons tied to his waist is in the water with a group of other people.
A bright sunny day featuring a lake with a mountain in the background.
People are siting at a table with their backs turned.
A man with a skateboard jumping the stairs.
A little boy is asleep in bed holding a magazine while his stuffed animal friend is asleep in a makeshift bed on the floor beside him
A squirrel sniffs at a black lunch bag on a picnic table.
A light brown male deer with antlers and a backdrop of moss and rocks.
A skateboarder is recording another skateboarder.
Women and children marching while all wearing leopard print clothing.
Across the rocks and creek is a bridge leading to tall city buildings.
A vintage white car turns on the curved road at an event.
Woman holding out green object to yellow dog.
A path leads to a pagoda.
Horses and jockeys are racing.
Lights are lit up on an awning in a campground at night.
Surfer on water, standing on pink surfboard.
Two pedestrians are using a crosswalk.
A waterfall is cutting through the rocks in the forest.
Girls in red costumes are dancing.
The view of a dirt path and green grass among the tall barren cliffs of rock formations
A motorcyclist competing with his bike
Water falling over a rocky crag with a small shed.
Trees are in front of a large mountain.
An elk is running through the trees.
A man and his dog playing in the snow
A large group of people huddle together to make a human tower.
Three people flying a kite on a small hill at dusk.
Two unusual sculptures in front of a lake.
A girl holding her arms out in the middle of the woods.
A gondola with 6 riders is moving through the waters with a luxury cruise liner behind them
A mountain above a forest.
A young girl is holding a large stick while performing.
A speed boat causes splashes as it moves.
A bride and groom stand together with a bouquet in the sunlight.
A bicycle rider is going down a long stair way.
A waterfall against the backdrop of moss covered rocks.
A deserted tree-lined country road with grassy fields on either side.
A woman in a blue and white flannel button down shirt and blue jeans is riding a chestnut horse and trying to make it stop.
A dragonfly resting on a flower stem next to a daisy.
A woman is sitting on the roots of a dried out tree.
A baseball player in blue is ready to swing the bat.
A brunette with a black leather jacket, a black shirt, and denim bottoms poses alongside a tall street lamp.
Violet, yellow and white flowers at the foot of the mountain
A stone building with a white door has vegetation growing over it.
A person is watching the sunset behind a lighthouse.
A woman in a white sweater is taking a picture of a person.
A person holding an umbrella totes a mini cart down a city street.
A young man sits on an urban bench and tries to make a living by telling jokes for a dollar.
People dining at a cafe on a city street.
Soccer players are huddled together trying to block a shot.
A group of girls are on a volley ball court after a game.
The motorcycle rider preforms a stunt holding the handlebars with his feet.
Numerous women wearing fur coats are standing outside a building.
A group pushes their raft down the stream with long poles.
A young girl wearing a green hoodie with a monster face on the front.
A man on the phone looks out of a bar doorway.
Children play chess in a classroom.
Sailor attempts to turn a small sailboat out on the water.
Three people pose in front of yellow leafed trees.
Girls playing in the street
A black and red moth is on a leaf.
A blonde and a brunette in polka dotted dresses look into the large glass windows of an antique shop.
A man hoses down food items on an outside table.
A large dark colored bird with a huge wingspand has just dived into the water and gotten a fish.
The sun illuminates the rock formations like fire.
A group of people in a yellow raft negotiate the rapids of a river.
A very young boy plays with a skateboard on the front step of a home.
Two women playing beach volleyball
A woman seen through a patisserie shop window, enjoying a baked good.
A young boy holding a small artsy soccer ball wearing white frills on his wrists.
People outside in the rain smiling.
A man sitting on a chair while another is shaving the back of his head.
Traffic stopped as a woman crosses the street with a large cathedral in the background.
A nighttime city view with illuminated streets.
Two very colorful hot air balloons are featured taking off through some trees.
A man with a hat rides his bike along the water.
Dancer on stage in colorful costume.
Woman walks down a narrow city street.
Snout of a black dog with orange ball on pavement.
A large canyon that is filled with vegetation.
A woman wearing several layers of clothing walking along a street.
A red tent overlooking a mountain range at night under a starry yet clouding sky.
A man headbutting a soccer ball during a game.
Several people shopping at an outdoor market with fresh fruit and vegetables.
Many cyclists are traveling on a mountain road.
A man paddles an inflatable canoe.
View of church and snowy mountains in the background
A woman smiles as she walks in the city,
Two young girls sitting on a step with a clear blue tarp in front of them.
A woman walking down an aisle in a large fabric store.
Three people are posing in the street as others are walking.
Two cars on a snowy track, one race car is green, the other silver.
A young boy in a dark blue tshirt and brown pants playing with a green hoola hoop.
Graffiti on a wall which depicts a red fox running and morphing into a red fog and abstract clocks and palm tree settings.
Seamstress carefully performing her art.
A small white Maltese dog is standing on a grooming table at a dog show while its owner sits behind it.
Cheerleaders perform on the sidelines of the football game.
A woman is eating at a counter on the other side of a window.
A  woman sits on the sand.
A stair case in the middle of a concrete wall
Someone in a black helmet is racing a yellow car.
A woman in a white and black Raiders uniform crouches to catch a ball.
Two white dogs cuddle their heads together.
Men are competing in a hockey match.
A group of trees is set by the side of a misty lake.
A man in a yellow bite suit is practicing drills with a police dog on a grassy field.
A young boy in dark pants and a dark sweater walking in a crowd with yellow noise reducing headphones on.
A man walking down the sidewalk or roadway into a garage
Waiter attends to ordering woman sitting at table
Two women walking and talking on a sidewalk
A beautiful waterfall in the middle of a forest
A little girl eats a slice of cake.
Two people walking under an umbrella while dragging a shopping basket.
A man dressed in a suit looks out a window.
Leashed puppies get to know one another.
An old man in a white shirt scratches his head while two other people in chairs can be seen in the background.
Cloudy sunset over the water.
A child walks down a darkened tunnel.
Two performers on stage playing guitars.
Through a frame of pine branches, there is a lake with mountains in the background.
Pedestrians are walking along a bridge above train tracks.
A dog is carrying his leash in his mouth on a beach.
A hilly region with road winding through.
Two birds hanging onto wire mesh of cylindrical bird feeder.
A father is teaching his son how to ride a bike on a grassy area of the park.
A BMX biker dressed in a blue and white uniform is mid-jump on a dirt race track.
Otter playing and making bubbles underwater
A wooden ramp stick out of the marshy water.
Dog with white and pink sweater
A white and tan dog is barking behind a fence at a weed whacker.
Pink sky on a snowy day has tents on a platform.
A woman is setting her purse down on a bench while holding her phone.
A boy dressed as a clown crawls on the floor of a crowded room.
A young woman with dark hair pulled back at her neck and a dark shirt holding a white piece of paper with a black heart outline drawn on it with an older woman holding flowers in the forefront out of focus
A blue car with a black steering wheel.
Train tracks passing under a motorway bridge.
Man in pantyhose walking down the tunnel
A woman sitting at a small outdoor table on a busy rainy street holding a black umbrella.
A performer stands in front of a fire in the street,
Fireworks caught on time lapsed film.
A large orange building has eyes and a smile painted onto it.
The snow on the hill looks like a waterfall.
Four bikers are racing on a course with a crowd in the background.
A woman in a blue coat buy food from a food stand on a pier.
An outside wall has a painting of a woman with a backpack surrounded by crayons.
Man with tattoo on neck and pierced ear
A woman holds a plastic bag in front of the child she is holding as she walks along a wood walkway.
An elderly man selling his vegetables to a potential customer.
Girls are playing a soccer game.
A black building full of windows.
A male cycler rides at an incline on a empty street.
A man surfs over a small tidal wave.
A soccer player is pushed as he tries to rebound the ball with his head.
Birds perch on the highest branches of a tree.
A man urinating on a street corner
A man standing on top of mountain with peaks rising behind him.
A woman in red does a split.
Yellow dog outside with paper in its mouth.
A baseball player in a blue uniform swings as the catcher stands behind him to catch the ball.
Two women at the stop of an outdoor staircase, in silhouette.
A couple dancing with clothes from the old west
Women dressed in large hats, short shorts, and crop tops are performing with microphones.
Four men are holding down and tying up a cow.
Skate boarder jumps concrete steps.
Girls are celebrating during a volleyball game.
Two men under an overpass seen through steam.
An older man standing in a lot with various work/construction style trucks.
A small dog is reflected in a mirror as it looks out a car window.
A rocky landscape with a blue sky.
A women shields her head and face with a vibrant red coat.
A girl in a red dress and a man in a striped shirt are buying food from a road side vendor.
A group of women jumping over a hurdle and landing in a puddle.
A road lined with yellow flowers and heading toward mountains.
A red and white navy helicopter is flying through the gray sky
Brown colored butterfly standing on the branch of a tree
A yellow racing boat is followed by a white one.
A dog walking on the sand with a colorful ball in his mouth.
Pigeons feeding near two people talking in front of a fountain.
Two girls from opposite teams actively going for a small white ball with hockey sticks on a green field.
A huge skyscraper on a sunny day
A crowd of men are standing around watching two men play a game of checkers.
A seagull sitting atop a light fixture.
The statue in front of the building
Several cyclists are riding on a road at sunset.
Two white women watching some event
A woman looks away while under a bridge.
Steel stairs and fences are by a chimney.
A suspended walking bridge over a stream in the forest.
Four dogs, two on each  side of fence.
A man with dark colored hair and a short beard wearing a rust colored tshirt is eating spaghetti at a table
Small stream runs through the pine forest
A speed boat is in the water with other boats in the background.
A band on an outdoor stage.
A country road with hills and mountains.
A man and his white horse in a rodeo competition
A young child riding a bike along the tiled floor of an art exhibit.
Two military style jets in flight.
A storm rolling across the sky with large streaks of white lightening.
Two motocross riders are racing on a track.
The little girl is  swinging at night.
A young woman running down the track preparing to pole vault.
A brightly painted mural on a wall with two cars parked in front.
Woman stands on a masonry porch.
Children walking on cobblestone walkway.
Man climbs a ladder to the roof top.
The surfer falls off his white surfboard.
Kids talking while two more rest in the background.
A stream flowing downwards surrounded by green trees.
A jockey riding his horse.
A group of row houses lit up with multicolored spot lights along a waterway
A group of women on stage dancing.
People at the beach on a foggy day.
A woman in a hat is playing with a ribbon in the yard.
Two men sitting on a wooden bench
Dog and owner asleep on the couch.
Snow has fallen on the forest path.
A yellow dog sitting on rocky ledge staring over a desert like region.
A toddler is going down a green slide.
Pedestrian bridge spans a chasm through a lonely mountain region.
A rather unusual sculpture overlooking a fenced mountain.
Two young girls with long dark hair and sweaters are standing outside
Legs wearing pink track shoes are kicking a ball.
Man is walking down stairs
Man secures his bicycle beside a busy city street.
Two people look up at a large tripod like structure along a rocky brown shorline filled with scattered puddles.
A market stall selling vegetables.
The horse rider steers around the blue barrel.
Children wearing a variety of red and yellow dancing in the middle of town.
A man raises his arms high while standing in front of a meat stand.
A man in blue shirt competing with his dog
Yellowish sunset in the desert
A woman dancer in blue leaps over other crouched dancers.
A dog with its snout inside a jar eating
Two dogs climbing a rocky terrain.
The runner beats the ball to the base.
Canadian flag stands above a hill of rocks.
A child in a yellow hoodie playing in puddles.
A dog sitting in the grass next to a bench by a lake.
A bullrider wearing a red shirt and brown vest is riding a black bull at a rodeo with people in the stands behind him.
A brown bottle is being held with a black dog laying by.
A black and white bird is perched on the edge of a cliff.
A man wearing a dark suit is walking past a wall with graffiti.
A woman is sitting on a bench by a long bridge.
A woman is standing next to a child in the middle of a parking lot at night.
A man in a yellow work vest gives hand signals  on a runway with cones.
A skater making a figure on a large ramp in front of the public
A man in a wet suit surfing.
A guy is being lifted to catch a ball.
A barrier blocking a road.
Three woman are sitting cross legged on the floor while throwing flowers and leaves in the air.
Puppy stuck in hay playing
A white and black bird is flying onto a bird feeder.
A boy in blue and white is about to kick a soccer ball.
Girl wearing black being photographed with gift box.
Glasses of beer are lined in a row with the information on the types of beer behind them.
Two soccer players fighting for the ball, one of them with a white and black jersey and the other with a red and white jersey.
A man wearing an orange shirt and blue shorts is standing in a rocky field taking pictures.
Three female dancers in blue dresses are performing a dance routine.
A man riding a  bicycle in front of a building.
A lady in a paisley shawl walks down the street on a cloudy day.
Man rests on the bench of a concrete monument.
Dead wood rests on the bank of a lake.
A little girl in pink shirt and striped pants and socks lies on a dark red cloth.
Woman with headphones and a bouquet of roses wrapped in paper
Actors in costume perform on stage.
A vintage airplane parked on parking lot.
A group of football players on field with crowd of spectators in stands.
A squirrel is jumping on the ground by a tree.
A lone house sits amid the hilly landscape.
A man is sitting on a bench and listening to his phone with headphones.
A young boy is dancing in front of a building.
Two men and one woman with their guitars giving a concert
A man is casting his line to fish.
A man wearing a pumpkin head and green clothes running down a road.
Soccer player chases the ball.
A train bridge near the mountains.
Thick mist over calm water
A large black, white, and tan colored dog sitting by a flower planter on the porch.
A body of water surrounded by sparse trees with the sun shining through darkened clouds.
A lake surrounded by trees with a mountain in the background.
The dog hiding in bushes
A group of people are sliding down a sand dune while others look on.
A bridge spans over the river and benches.
A well-maintained old car parked on a zebra crossing.
A plank across a thin creek.
A pine tree stands in front of a lone mountain.
A child in a winter coat is playing with a ball in an old building.
A baseball pitcher winds up and prepares to throw.
A bridge over a river is lit up at night.
An man in his 50s with a striped button down shirt and blue jeans is sitting on the sidewalk, leaning against a barrier wall with his hand resting on his head as if he is upset.
A man walking his bicycle down a street.
A dog jumping up to catch a pink frisbee in their mouth.
A young blond girl wearing floaties is swimming in a lake.
A woman with white and pink braids and a gray bandana  around her face is walking her bike down stairs.
Two women in winter coats are walking down a city street.
A city building at dusk with ambient lights and streets lined with cars
A group of colorfully dressed people on motorcycles waiting to start a race.
A man with dreads and a hat on wearing a blue shirt and plaid shorts  is fishing .
A dog sits behind an empty swing at nighttime.
Person in blue and yellow clothes skiing among the trees
Behind a barb wired fence, there is a large ad on the side of the building above a row of cars, showing a red fox running with two small red, white, and dark grey birds.
Two girls wearing sunglasses walk down the brick road.
A bull rider is being thrown by a bull at a rodeo as the clowns try to help.
A wet dog with purple dye in its hair is shaking off.
Colorful duck swims on a clear water stream.
A little girl is walking barefoot on the sand.
Two people climbing up a rocky incline with mountains in the backdrop.
A group of boys are playing football.
A small waterfall cascades down a steep, rocky cliff.
Three adults in dark colored jackets are standing outside of a storefront window
A man on roller blades is jumping on a skate park ramp.
A young man on a skateboard makes a big jump from a ramp
The goose is flying over the marshy land.
A man in a hat with a beige jacket stands by a flower garden.
Two pair of legs standing close to each other.
The hallway has a vast emptiness lit by chandeliers.
A woman is coming out of a shop with blue-bordered doors.
Woman a girl on a city sidewalk.
A buiding shaped in a dome with a steeple and flag on top.
The white building and its clock
Black dog on wood floor laying on a white shirt.
A firetruck makes its way through traffic on a highway.
A young girl is carrying a large box.
A white bulldog wearing a spikey blue wig and large black rimmed glasses
A brown patterned snake wraps itself around a tree branch.
A brown mural with blue and very large letters
A woman in a red top is dancing as a woman and boy in a red shirt watch.
Two puppies laying down beside each other.
Silk dresses hang on the walls of a street vendor booth.
Legs with running shoes are kicking up sand.
A young woman wearing a rain poncho.
A blue race car has a number six painted on its side.
A big group od people holding paddles on the beach.
Colorful wall paintings at the parking lot.
A black dog is standing on two legs peering in a dishwasher.
Children doing a choreography on stage
A person wearing a pink coat backwards so that the face is covered by the hood has her arms stretched between orange circles.
A group of cyclists is riding along a road with mountains in the background
A large rock is on a rough shore line.
A monkey is sitting on a tree branch, near a net.
Two guys playing football in the afternoon
Fireworks that light up the night in the middle of a lake
Five college aged men in snow gear are sharing an inner tube sled.
Small waterfall surrounded by rocks.
A puppy wearing a red sweater is walking outside.
A very busy street features many people working on or selling things made of metal.
Someone is taking a picture of a young blonde girl.
An old white car is parked on the grass.
A man and two women outdoors with a Conestoga type wagon.
Girls wave purple flags as they parade down the street.
A brown greyhound dog is being chased by a white dog.
A man is inflating a huge tube.
A small pier showing the sea and some mountains at the end of the landscape
A small dog carrying a large box in its mouth.
A wood cabin  with farm equipment has trees around it.
A ferry boat on a waterway in front of high rise buildings.
A rabbit sitting near a fence on snow covered grass.
Three people watch children playing next to a stage
A grey squirrel  climbs down the bark of a tree.
A group of people wait along the curb of a city street.
Farm crops, green, with fog surrounded house in far distance.
A woman in a fur coat is walking outside.
Older man walking with cane on cobblestone walkway.
Children are playing on a grassy field.
A gray mountain range with snowy peaks against a stormy cloud backdrop and tall grass in the front.
Small dirt path through overgrown shrubs and trees.
A little girl in a light blue dress is on a dirt road.
Young men playing soccer.
A duck in the water under a limb with fall leaves.
Graffiti of cartoon space scene on bridge underpass.
Two people standing overlooking view in a doorway.
A man in a beret walking down the street.
A girl in black is sitting on a bench.
Snowy path with tire tracks in woods.
A man applies make-up to his eyebrows.
Three beautiful girls playing volleyball
A house on the cliffs  by the ocean.
An officer is reading something as a man walks by.
A man looks out of a open doorway.
A small gecko is sitting on a log.
The deer is on the pebble stone hill.
A man falling off his surfboard
Ladies performing a dance on stage.
Two people sitting at separate outdoor tables surrounded by graffiti covered walls.
A young woman in a white dress and pink scarf dances on a rock.
A lake is showing the reflection of snowy mountains.
Four red pomegranates hang from a tree.
Small, light colored tombstonesare surrounded by tall conic trees.
Red sports car out on the course.
A mother photographing her child in front of a claw machine.
A dog with an orange frisbee is jumping over a man laying on the ground.
A black and white dog walking with a purple Frisbee in its mouth.
A woman with long hair is looking at something near a stage.
A large waterfall over a cliff with trees at dusk
Young people in a parade with a car as a disguise
A boy riding a skateboard near a swimming pool
Dead trees lay above a rushing stream.
A spanish style church with domed cobbled brick roofing and white cross on top.
Several people in a market selling things
A large churning wave with a person sitting on a surfboard.
A man watches four defenseless cats.
Someone is windsurfing in the ocean.
Goalie tries to stop the ball as the other team tries to score.
A man in a  hallway walks pass a glass door.
A man looks at magazines at a stand.
Girl standing next to boy holding a camera.
Lake with autumn colored trees and grasslined shore.
Horses graze in a pasture.
Red iron bridge over shallow river
A street sign is on a pole.
A girl shooting a basketball during a game.
Girls playing inside cardboard boxes
Two motorcycles drive on a road along the river.
A bird is sitting on a branch, staring at the camera.
A boat cab with blue chairs before it.
This is a church on a plaza.
A cup of tea and a plate with a tiny cupcake are on top of a book.
Bottom half of dog swimming in pool.
Two male soccer players are chasing the ball.
A woman is winding up to throw a softball.
Players on the baseball field with crowds in the stands behind them.
A black dog with blue and white flannel
A plastic cup of coffee on a empty table in an empty place
A young girl sitting on brick ground with a pencil and paper.
A serene mountain lake surrounded by evergreen trees, in winter.
The girl is is mid jump at her competition for long jump.
A scenic picture of a mountain covered in autumn colors on a partly cloudy day.
Dog with red ribbon on neck plays with cardboard box
Three people sit at an outdoor table drinking wine.
A group of brown buildings lining a water road way
A young boy is jumping into the ocean.
A person playing guitar in a smoky area.
The walking path along the beach is empty.
A boy with his arms crossed wears square sunglasses standing in front of a fireplace.
An abandoned supermarket cart in the middle of a road with vehicles
Two people dance on the wet sand.
Boats docked at the pier at night
A group of bicyclists travel on a road surrounded by large rocks.
A man is taking a picture of a large mirror with his reflection in it.
Dog going for a swim in the water
Two women sit on a bench in front of a cafe, while one holds up a device.
A girl in a white, grey and red sailor suit gives a salute.
A man in colonial dress driving a horse drawn carriage.
White paths and pine trees with houses to the sides
A boy riding his scooter up a half pipe in the air while flipping his scooter for a trick.
A deer running in the middle of the forest
This is a woman smiling wearing sunglasses and rabbit ears.
The end of an old railroad track.
A woman with braids in her hair watching in the distance
A young girl in a red checkered costume marching in a parade.
A man works on a pottery wheel, with his work drying all around him.
A small dog is standing on his back legs in the grass with trees behind him.
Clear view of a reddish desert canyon, with a green canyon floor with green trees,  dark sky background.
A pagoda in the background with a small Asian-looking child in the front.
A young man performing a trick on his skateboard.
A blue car on the road in the middle of a place with lots of snow
Statue of a baby with construction safety gear on it.
A hiking trail with a log railing.
Beautiful landscape composed of forest mountains and lake
This is a scene of a body of water with boats in the background surrounded by trees.
A wooden bridge over a waterfall in the forest
A woman is training her dog
A monster truck flies upside down over a mound of dirt.
Clouds lie between rocky mountains.
A woman in black boots and a white dress is running across a bridge.
Dog sled in snow and man dressed in black
Two men wrestle in a competition.
Ruins of the roman coliseum by day
geyser blows while  crowd watches
A snowy mountain with a lone skier going down the hill.
A sailboat sailing on the ocean at sunset.
A woman hangs from a tree branch by a lake.
A man on a bridge fishing with a fishing rod
Many people in a park with many flowers
A white house adorned with many plants
A garden with flowers with a stone building and old stone church in the background.
A bridge across the river leads to the house.
A man playing the guitar at a concert
An older woman in a black coat and hat
People fishing off a pier.
An older man in a coat and glasses sitting in a plaza
Tree and mountain range covered by snow
Fog rolling over the mountains in the morning.
Helicopter flying over the lake
A snowy, hilly landscape, with a lone windmill on it.
A white race car driving on a track with orange cones.
A body of water is surrounded by pine trees and mountains.
A snow-covered mountain viewed from afar
A person sleeping on the street
A smiling young boy in orange pointing out his dimples.
Two girls are having a hug.
A man in flippers is running from a crashing wave.
Firefighters putting out a fire
A white and black feathered bird flies over a marsh.
A group of people sit under a pavilion roof.
2 bicycles parked by a post on a walkway along the sandy beach, with palm trees, clear blue waters and a clear blue sky.
Two boats going along the shoreline.
Man at the park entrance cleaning
Castle with flags on the roof
A group of young people dressed up for Halloween.
A massive lighting bolt strikes a building in the city.
Girl making faces on pier
A baseball player throwing the ball to the batter
A statue of a man riding a horse is in a park.
A little girl in a white shirt is looking through a hole in a wall.
View of a lighthouse on a cliff by the ocean.
A boy with a painted face running with a stick in his hand
A young girl wearing blue goggles.
A group of people riding in a subway car.
A butterfly perched on a purple flower
A doll in the back seat of a vehicle parked on the street
A young boy is using a drill to fix something while the girl holds it steady.
rock formation near a tree in the woods
A small waterfall in the middle of a forest
A motocross rider riding through the forest.
Dry tree with many long roots
A group of U.S. Navy jets fly in formation.
performance artist in front of a crowd
A group of people dancing in the street.
two young men wrestling competitively
A girl in a red dress is picking potatoes in a garden.
A runner kneels on one knee as he lets a black dog sniff his hand.
A soccer player running to hug his coach
A person taking photos in an instant photo booth.
Three men dressed as women
Two baseball players talking on the field
Group of workers talking on their break
A man darting in and out of mini cones while on roller blades.
Two people walking down a street with a graffiti painted wall behind them.
Two people climb a mountain in the snow.
A meadow of yellow flowers with a deep blue sky.
A man dress as Abraham Lincoln and riding in a truck during a parade.
Large building with many windows and the statue of Jesus at its top
3 children reading a book, sitting on a bench in a museum, while another person looks on,
little girl looking through a dark lense
A black dog swimming in a pool going after a ball.
A narrow path surrounded by trees and mountains in the background
A motocross driver jumping in a forest
A child dancing while others observe
A small boy in a red sleeveless shirt covering the mouth of a younger boy in a red long sleeve shirt with his hand.
A white dog standing next to some cut trunks
A lone person sitting at a bus stop.
A very large group of cyclists riding through the street.
A bird is flying towards a bird feeder.
A man is looking out from an antique vehicle.
Several children playing on a court with balls
Woman dancer wearing red dress is leaping into the air.
A man standing at the entrance of a bar
Red planes are flying in a "V" formation with a green plane below them.
An elderly couple sitting on the swings of a park
A winding river with white sand banks.
Man with fishing rod on the seashore
A moterbiker is making a sharp turn while in a race with spectators in the background.
The feet and legs of a person underwater while swimming through greenish water.
A woman comes out of a building.
The sun shines over a reddish brown canyon range, displaying all the deep ridges.
Old shack at the bottom of a hill on the waterfront.
man in monkey mask sits in front of tiny drums on a city street
2 cyclists on a trail with a beautiful blue sky
Man in suit with bags in hands
A man fishing on the banks of a lake
Fat man and a dog near the pool
Football players wearing red jerseys, two hugging in celebration.
A girl wearing earphones is walking with a cup of coffee on her hand
A man greets a dog next to a fence
Several people walking around the city
Two elderly people sitting in front of a roller coaster
Group of people on the beach boarding a boat
A homeless person sleeping on a bench.
A sunset at the seashore with a small sailboat in the distance
A lake surrounded by white snow
A man plays a large instrument in a dark room.
Hills of green grass and trees with blue skies and white clouds in the background.
A motocross race with a lot of mud
A person climbing a few steps of a great monument
A group of children riding a merry-go-round in a park.
A man digs with a trowel in a garden while a woman watches.
Two women walking the streets of a city
A boy is folding paper in the ground
Girl watching a big wave heading towards her
A young child, wearing a coat and hat, is holding the hand of an adult.
Group of people are rowing across a body of water.
A facade of a white house with wooden door
man walking down street with reflection in glass
A homeless man and his dog are taking a nap.
Little girl playing in the park
The mountains of the Grand Canyon at sunset.
A man in a wheelchair going up an escalator.
A brown dog carries a stick in the water.
A table to eat in the middle of a forest
A rugby player trying to take the ball off his opponent
Man with bicycle at the train station
An antique bathtub in a bathroom.
A few buildings sit on the side of a snow covered mountain.
Woman wearing a shirt with a tiger on the back carying bags shopping.
A group of people in a small village in winter.
Dog jumping into the water from a rock
A child in a field of tulips.
A couple sitting on the bank of a river in the middle of the city
Three women in hats and warm clothes walking
A group of protestors confront local police in riot gear.
Road in the middle of pine trees
Several people walking down stairs, cloudy sky
Two women chatting while walking down a city street.
Two combat jets maneuvering in the air
A pack of bicycle racers are about to ride past a field of sunflowers.
foot bridge in the mountains covered with snow
Bicyclists riding up a hill lined with rocks
Little girl covering her face with a blue towel
A woman stands on a street in front of a building, wearing a fur stole.
Entrance of a house with wooden door
A black dog with a pink toy in its mouth is running in the snow.
A black dog and his favorite toys.
A man attending his business on the street
A young man surfing the waves
A group of children are having fun together.
woman working in a restaurant with mirror reflexion
Boys playing basketball on an outdoor court
A woman in a red top is walking down the middle of the street as cars approach in the distance.
Four people in rafts while white water rafting.
A bridge overlooking a river, with a large city in the background.
The control panel of a fire truck
A boy skateboarding on a concrete boardwalk near a beach.
Three people in a blue raft on a river of brown water
A woman walking down the street.
Small boat floating in bright blue water.
A woman looks concerned and tries to comfort someone crying or in pain.
Older man and woman sitting on chairs beside a signpost beside cars on the street.
Two women enjoying beach volleyball.
A butcher, with whole animals hanging in his storefront.
A dirt road in the forest next to a lake
An umpire and a catcher at home plate while a man swings a baseball bat during a game.
Two cars driving on a street in a small town.
A cloudy sky with lightning over a city
Two dogs next to a man at the market
A bird  emerges from the water with a freshly caught fish in its mouth.
Two people riding bikes on a narrow path with water on each side.
A young child hanging onto a railing because they are sad.
A grey rat in the grass.
Person is performing stunt with bike.
A plane in air with the moon visible in the sky.
A rollerblader jumps high at a skate park, with many onlookers in the audience.
A butterfly is landing on a white flower.
A large apartment complex with a man leaning out the balcony.
A woman lying in the street while other people surround her
Two men in white shirts walking by each other while two men in dark suits talk to each other in the foreground.
desert rock formation with an arch
American football players running to score
Storm clouds roll over an abandoned gas station.
A live music concert with cheering fans.
A basketball player is taking a shot.
A man is grabbing a hair piece in a make up room.
Man with gray jacket in the grass surrounded by red roses

